In the second step , ammonium sulfate is added and the suspension is acidified and warmed . 
Much additional autolysis takes place . 
The cathepsin is protected from destruction by being adsorbed to the insoluble spleen material . 
When this insoluble material is filtered off most of the products of autolysis remain in the filtrate . 
4 . 
The cathepsin is then released from the insoluble spleen material by making the suspension slightly alkaline . 
Some inert protein still remains adsorbed to the insoluble spleen material . 
5 . 
More inert protein is removed by adsorption with aluminum hydroxide formed in the cathepsin solution by the addition first of aluminum chloride and then of sodium hydroxide . 
Preformed aluminum hydroxide is a much less effective adsorbent . 
6 . 
The purified cathepsin is precipitated from very dilute solution with tungstic acid . 
Tungstic acid precipitates most proteins in the native form provided the solution is not too acid . 
7 . 
Further evidence is given that cathepsin is not a proteinase of the papain type . 
1 . 
An electrophoretic study has been made of normal mouse serum , influenza mouse serum , and influenza mouse lung suspension . 
The mobilities of the protein fractions present have been determined at various pH ' s by the optical method . 
2 . 
The pH - mobility curve of the soluble ( complement - fixing ) antigen present in the lung suspension has been determined analytically by sampling and application of the complement fixation test . 
The results show that the complement - fixing antigen has a mobility definitely smaller than that of serum albumin and close to that of a globulin , with an isoelectric point close to pH 5 . 
1 . 
It was possible to study in the ultracentrifuge by optical methods the behavior of yellow fever virus particles directly in the unaltered serum from infected monkeys . 
2 . 
The virus showed an extremely high light absorption in the spectral range of 320 to 440 mmicro , which seemed to be its intrinsic property . 
In a 1 cm . 
thickness of fluid , the small amount of virus present in unaltered infective serum absorbed about as much light ( approximately 25 per cent ) in the middle of this range as did all the normal serum proteins present in a combined concentration some 1000 times as great . 
3 . 
The concentration of virus in the unaltered serum was found to be of the order of 0 . 00005 gm . 
per cc . 
1 cc . 
of a 10 ( - 9 ) dilution , which , as has been shown , may constitute a minimal infective dose for monkeys , would contain approximately 10 , 000 virus particles . 
The probability that most of the virus particles were in the inactive form is discussed . 
4 . 
In infective serum having a viscosity of 14 millipoises , the particles sediment with a blurred boundary at rates lying between approximately 18 and 30 x 10 ( - 13 ) cm . / sec . / dyne . 
Evidence indicates that this spread is the result of an aggregation or association phenomenon . 
5 . 
Computations of size are in approximate agreement with those made from ultrafiltration studies . 
On the assumption that the density of the virus particle is near that of protein , its volume is computed to be at least that of a spherical particle having a diameter of 12 mmicro . 
An assumed density of 1 . 15 gm . 
per cc . 
yields a diameter of 19 mmicro , considering the shape as spherical . 
Chemical extraction of lyophilized and ground staphylococci of type A has yielded a type - specific , antigenic fraction which has been shown to be protein . 
In precipitin tests this fraction reacts in high dilution with homologous immune sera prepared by the injection of animals either with the whole organisms or with the protein itself . 
Reactions with sera prepared against heterologous types of staphylococci occur only in low dilutions . 
The type specificity of this fraction has been found to be entirely independent of that of the type - specific carbohydrate described by Julianelle and Wieghard . 
The nature of the encephalopathic agent present in monkey bone marrow has been investigated . 
It is readily soluble at a pH of 7 . 4 , as well as at the low pH of 2 . 0 and 3 . 0 . 
The point of minimal solubility is pH 4 . 2 . 
Heat inactivation is produced by a temperature of 75 degrees C . , acting for 15 minutes . 
The agent is digested by pepsin . 
It exhibits a slight degree of sedimentation with the air - driven centrifuge . 
It is non - dialyzable . 
It is precipitated from solution ( pH 7 . 4 ) by ammonium sulfate , over a range of 0 . 4 to 0 . 8 saturation . 
These findings all suggest that the agent is a protein . 
No immunological reactions could be elicited . 
Oxidized and reduced proteins were prepared from the ocular lenses of sheep , swine , chicken and fish ( pike ) . 
The proteins were prepared under conditions designed to avoid denaturation and to produce relatively pure compounds . 
Serologic studies revealed that species specificity is demonstrable in the proteins from chicken and fish lenses , but in the more closely related species ( swine and sheep ) this characteristic is not so evident . 
Serologic differences may be detected in the lens preparations from a single species , depending on the redox state of the protein . 
1 . 
At all levels of immediate protein consumption , from almost none to excessive amounts , the degree of growth of the single kidney , suprarenal , and ovary left after removal of one of each of these organs is the same up to 5 days after the operation . 
2 . 
On a 1 per cent protein diet there is no growth of the remaining organs after the first 5 days . 
3 . 
On diets containing from 10 per cent to 57 per cent of protein there is no definite relation between the level of protein consumption and the rate and degree of growth from 5 to 40 days after the operation . 
4 . 
When rats are given a 1 per cent protein diet for 10 days before the operation a continuation of this diet reduces the initial growth of the remaining organs and leads to a cessation of growth after the first 2 days . 
In any one strain the occurrence of the previously recognized type - specific protein , M , is usually completely correlated with the presence of the recently recognized type - specific antigen , T . Strain C203 is exceptional in having the T substance of type 1 as well as the two type - specific antigens , M and T , characteristic of type 3 . 
It does not have the M antigen of type 1 . 
While other strains with similar antigenic peculiarities have not been encountered , it is probable that they occur , and the existence of such anomalies must be suspected when unusual serological reactions occur . 
1 . 
Two qualitatively different type - specific antigens , designated M and T , have been found present in matt variants of group A hemolytic streptococci , but only one of these , the T antigen , occurs in the degraded glossy variant . 
2 . 
The protein nature of the M antigen , present in matt variants only , has been demonstrated in previous work , but the chemical characteristics of the newly recognized antigenic factor , T , present in both variants , have not been determined . 
This T factor is identified only by its immunological reactions . 
It is unknown whether the two type - specific antigenic factors , M and T , occur as separate chemical entities in the matt variant or in conjugation . 
3 . 
Antibody to the type - specific protein , M , appears responsible for the M precipitin reaction , for type - specific protection , and , as a rule , for part of the type - specific agglutination of matt variants , but in type 1 it does not cause agglutination . 
4 . 
Antibody to the second type - specific antigen , T , seems to be solely responsible for type - specific agglutination of the glossy form and to play a large rôle in type - specific agglutination of the matt form , but apparently it is not involved in protection . 
This T antibody causes all of the type - specific agglutination of type 1 . 
Consequently , type 1 matt and glossy variants agglutinate and absorb agglutinin alike , and antisera to both are identical in content of type - specific agglutinin though they differ in respect to M antibody . 
5 . 
Recognition of the principle underlying type - specific agglutination of glossy variants makes it possible to suggest , with certain reservations , the use of glossy variants for type classification by agglutination . 
These variants are suitable for preparing type - specific agglutinating antisera , and they form stable suspensions for use in the reaction . 
Improved methods are needed for deriving glossy from matt variants . 
Experiments are presented on the cross reactions of hen egg albumin immune sera with egg albumins of other species by means of exhaustion with heterologous proteins and by inhibition tests . 
From the results it can be concluded that the sera contain multiple , qualitatively distinct antibodies . 
For this , two not mutually exclusive explanations come into consideration : the presence in proteins of a number of different , perhaps similar , complex determinants , and the fact , established by previous results , that one antigenic grouping can call forth the formation of diverse antibodies . 
It is inferred that cross reactions between proteins of kindred species are ascribable , in general , to similarity in determinant structures , and not to the distribution of identical determinant groups among the related proteins . 
Absorption curves have been obtained in the spectral region of 450 to 900 mmicro for the water soluble cell juice of four species of photosynthetic bacteria , Spirillum rubrum ( strain S1 ) , Rhodovibrio sp . 
( strain Gaffron ) , Phaeomonas sp . 
( strain Delft ) , and Streptococcus varians ( strains C11 and orig . ) . 
These curves all show maxima at 790 and 590 mmicro due to bacteriochlorophyll , whose highest band , however , occurs at 875 , 855 , or 840 mmicro depending on the species . 
The bacteria that appear red rather than brown have a band at 550 mmicro due to a carotinoid pigment . 
An absolute absorption curve of bacteriophaeophytin has maxima at 530 and 750 mmicro . 
The extraction of cell juice by supersonic vibration does not change the position of the absorption bands or of the light absorbing capacity of the pigment . 
1 . 
Photosynthetic bacteria in water suspension break open when treated with supersonic vibration thus liberating the cell contents , including a water soluble protein to which is attached the otherwise water insoluble pigments , bacteriochlorophyll and carotinoids . 
Both types of pigments appear to be combined with the same protein . 
2 . 
The protein pigment compound is insoluble in the region of pH 3 . 0 to 4 . 5 and in neutral solution can be completely precipitated by 0 . 5 saturated ( NH ( 4 ) ) ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) . 
It is soluble in distilled water and adsorbable on fullers ' earth . 
3 . 
Supersonic extracts of photosynthetic bacteria do not have the ability to carry on photosynthesis , but will act as a photocatalyst for the oxidation of ascorbic acid with visible or infrared radiation . 
The rate of the photochemical oxidation is proportional to the light intensity . 
1 . 
A number of pepsin solutions containing several protein components have been studied by the electrophoresis method . 
All samples show a homogeneous boundary moving to the anode at pH 4 . 4 . 
2 . 
The activity of this material may be higher than that of the original solution on the basis of total nitrogen but is the same as that of the original solution on the basis of protein nitrogen . 
3 . 
There is no separation of the various protein components under these conditions . 
4 . 
The apparent isoelectric point at pH 2 . 7 , previously obtained by the collodion particle method is due to the presence of decomposition products . 
Pure crystalline pepsin , free from decomposition products , is always negatively charged . 
Treatment of elementary bodies of vaccinia with dilute solutions of sodium hydroxide resulted in the extraction of certain soluble materials accounting for half of the dry weight of the virus . 
Elementary bodies contained about 0 . 4 per cent inorganic phosphorus , practically all of which occurred in the form of a nucleoprotein containing thymus nucleic acid . 
In addition , a substance was recovered that reacted with S antibodies . 
From past experience one is led to believe that S antigen , as ordinarily encountered , is a protein which is not in combination with nucleic acid . 
The serologically active substance of the Brown - Pearce tumor , a complement - fixing antigen , differs notably from certain other tissue antigens ( the Wassermann , Forssman , and organ - and species - specific tissue haptens , for example ) in the fact that it is not effective after alcoholic extraction of the tissue containing it . 
Like many of the proteins and viruses it is in - activated upon heating to 65 degrees C . for 30 minutes ; and , like them as well , its activity is lost upon treatment with acid ( to pH 4 . 5 or lower ) or alkali ( to pH 11 . 5 or higher ) . 
Filtration and centrifugation experiments disclosed the fact that the antigen of the Brown - Pearce tumor passed readily through collodion membranes with average pore diameters of 383 mmicro and more , but was retained completely by those with average pore diameters of 348 mmicro and less . 
It was thrown down completely or almost completely upon centrifugation at 20 , 000 R . P . M . 
for one hour . 
The findings indicate that the Brown - Pearce tumor antigen has a large and nearly uniform particle size and weight , - as large as that of many of the viruses . 
They differentiate it sharply from the generality of " soluble antigens . rdquo ; Upon direct comparison , the complement - fixing antigen of the Brown - Pearce tumor was found to be similar in a number of its general traits to the serologically active substance of the virus - induced papillomas of rabbits , which in turn is intimately associated or identical with the virus responsible for the papillomas . 
Extracts of the Brown - Pearce tumor containing the serologically active substance in quantity have given rise to no lesions , however , upon injection into normal or tarred rabbits . 
The significance of the findings is discussed . 
1 . 
Because of the clinical observation that the capacity to form new plasma proteins is sometimes impaired in cases of nephritis ( 2 ) , experiments were performed to determine whether the impaired function in the nephritic is related to nitrogen retention . 
2 . 
These experiments consisted of producing renal injury by injecting uranium nitrate into standard hypoproteinemic dogs and comparing the rate of blood plasma protein formation under these conditions of nitrogen retention with that in the uninjured dog . 
3 . 
Despite elevations in blood N . P . N . 
to more than ten times normal , no interference with plasma protein formation was observed . 
These elevations in N . P . N . 
affected principally the urea and undetermined fractions . 
4 . 
Neither elevation in N . P . N . 
nor proteinuria per se appears to have any effect upon plasma protein production . 
Possibly the deficient production of plasma proteins in the nephritic is related to a more general disturbance in metabolism in which the elevation in N . P . N . 
is secondary . 
When blood plasma proteins are depleted by bleeding with return of the washed red blood cells ( plasmapheresis ) it is possible to bring dogs to a steady state of hypoproteinemia and a uniform plasma protein production on a basal low protein diet . 
These dogs are clinically normal . 
Introduction of variables into their standardized life gives insight into the production of plasma protein . 
Casein retested as the basal protein in the ration may show high yield of plasma protein , equal to 33 per cent of the protein fed . 
This equals the potency of liver protein ( 17 to 33 per cent ) and approaches the utilization of plasma protein by mouth ( 40 per cent ) . 
Zein has no effect upon plasma protein regeneration but when it is supplemented with cystine , tryptophane , lysine , and glycine , there is a doubling of the liver basal plasma protein production and a retention of the fed protein nitrogen . 
Threonine does not modify the above reaction . 
Liver protein supplemented with cystine , leucine , glutamic acid , and glycine in the basal diet yields double the amount of new formed plasma protein compared with liver alone . 
This combination is then as potent as plasma protein itself when given by mouth - 40 per cent utilization . 
Tyrosine or lysine , arginine , and isoleucine do not modify the above responses . 
Methionine is not as effective as cystine in supplementing gelatin and tyrosine to produce plasma protein . 
Cystine , leucine , and glutamic acid appear to be of primary importance in the building of new plasma protein in these experiments . 
Plasma protein formation is dependent upon materials coming from the body reserve and from the diet . 
Given an exhaustion of the reserve store there is very little plasma protein produced during a protein fast ( 3 to 6 gm . 
per week ) . 
A turpentine abscess does not modify this fasting plasma protein reaction . 
Homologous plasma given by vein will promptly correct experimental hypoproteinemia due to bleeding . 
It will maintain nitrogen equilibrium and replenish protein stores . 
Even during hypoproteinemia plasma protein may promptly pass out of the circulation to supply body needs for protein . 
Perhaps the most significant concept which derives from all these experiments is the fluidity of the body protein ( including plasma protein ) - a ready give and take between the protein depots - a " dynamic equilibrium " of body protein . 
Connective tissue cells ( fibroblasts ) derived from skeletal muscle of 12 day old chick embryos were cultivated for almost 8 months ( 35 weekly passages ) in rabbit plasma and rabbit embryo tissue juice diluted with Tyrode ' s solution . 
When fluids separated from these cultures were tested with immune precipitins developed against chicken serum , they gave positive reactions which showed no tendency to diminish with an increasing number of culture generations . 
Barring the intervention of unknown precipitable substances , these results indicate that connective tissue can produce proteins which are identical with , or closely related to , serum proteins . 
The experiments further demonstrated that tissues cultivated in a foreign plasma do not lose their species specificity . 
The following experimental results have been obtained . 
1 . 
Native egg albumin treated with iodine and then denatured no longer gives a nitroprusside test or reduces dilute ferricyanide in neutral Duponol PC solution . 
2 . 
More iodine is needed to abolish the ferricyanide reduction if the reaction between native egg albumin and iodine is carried out at pH 6 . 8 than if the reaction is carried out at pH 3 . 2 . 
At pH 6 . 8 iodine reacts with tyrosine as well as with cysteine . 
3 . 
Cysteine and tryptophane are the only amino acids with reducing groups which are known to react with dilute iodine at pH 3 . 2 The reducing power of cysteine is abolished by the reaction with iodine , whereas the reducing power of tryptophane remains intact . 
Pepsin and chymotrypsinogen which contain tryptophane but not cysteine , do not react at all with dilute iodine at pH 3 . 2 . 
4 . 
Native egg albumin treated with iodoacetamide at pH 9 . 0 and then denatured by Duponol PC reduces only 60 per cent as much dilute ferricyanide as egg albumin which has not been treated with iodoacetamide . 
5 . 
The SH group is the only protein reducing group which is known to react with iodoacetamide . 
The simplest explanation of the new observation that the SH groups of egg albumin can be modified by reactions with the native form of the protein is that the native egg albumin has free and accessible but relatively unreactive SH groups which can react with iodine and iodoacetamide despite the fact that they do not react with ferricyanide , porphyrindin , or nitroprusside . 
Preliminary experiments suggested by the results with egg albumin indicate that the tobacco mosaic virus is modified by iodine at pH 2 . 8 without being inactivated and that the tobacco mosaic and rabbit papilloma viruses are not inactivated by iodoacetamide at pH 8 . 0 . 
1 . 
The rates of heat inactivation of papain , bromelin , and asclepain were determined at several different temperatures . 
Papain was by far the most resistant to heat . 
2 . 
The destruction of papain at 75 - 83 degrees and bromelin at 55 - 70 degrees followed the course of a first order reaction , except that for longer times of heating , bromelin ( at 60 - 70 degrees ) was inactivated more rapidly than the first order equation required . 
3 . 
The rate of inactivation of asclepain at 55 - 70 degrees followed the second order equation . 
4 . 
The critical thermal increments of inactivation of papain and bromelin , calculated with the van ' t Hoff - Arrhenius equation , were of the same high order that has been found for protein denaturation . 
The increment for asclepain was somewhat lower . 
1 . 
The kinetics of milk clotting by asclepain , the protease of Asclepias speciosa , were investigated . 
At higher concentrations of enzyme , the clotting time was inversely proportional to the enzyme concentration . 
2 . 
The digestion of casein and hemoglobin in 6 . 6 M urea by asclepain follows the second order reaction rate . 
The rate was roughly second order for casein in water . 
3 . 
Evaluation of the nature of the enzyme - substrate intermediate indicates that one molecule of asclepain combines with one molecule of casein or hemoglobin in urea solution . 
4 . 
Inhibition by the reaction products was deduced from the fact that the digestion velocity of hemoglobin in urea solution varied with the asclepain concentration in agreement with the Schütz - Borissov rule . 
1 . 
A study has been made of the properties of a hitherto unreported proteolytic enzyme from the latex of the milkweed , Asclepias speciosa . 
The new protease has been named asclepain by the authors . 
2 . 
The results of chemical , diffusion , and denaturation tests indicate that asclepain is a protein . 
3 . 
Like papain , asclepain dots milk and digests most proteins , particularly if they are dissolved in concentrated urea solution . 
Unlike papain , asclepain did not clot blood . 
4 . 
The activation and inhibition phenomena of asclepain resemble those of papain , and seem best explained on the assumption that free sulfhydryl in the enzyme is necessary for proteolytic activity . 
The sulfhydryl of asclepain appears more labile than that of papain . 
5 . 
The measurement of pH - activity curves of asclepain on casein , ovalbumin , hemoglobin , edestin , and ovovitellin showed no definite digestion maxima for most of the undenatured proteins , while in urea solution there were well defined maxima near pH 7 . 0 . 
Native hemoglobin and ovovitellin were especially undigestible , while native casein was rapidly attacked . 
6 . 
Temperature - activity curves were determined for asclepain on hemoglobin , casein , and milk solutions . 
The optimum temperature was shown to increase with decreasing time of digestion . 
The electrophoretic patterns of the sera and urine of two cases of lipoid nephrosis have been obtained and have been compared with a typical pattern of normal serum . 
The patterns of the pathological sera deviated widely from the normal , indicating relatively low albumin and high globulin content . 
The comparison of the patterns of nephrotic sera cleared by centrifugation and by ether extraction shows that a large portion of the beta globulin consisted of a labile lipo - protein . 
The pattern of the nephrotic urine proteins resembled that of normal serum , with , however , significant differences . 
The soluble antigen of lymphocytic choriomeningitis which is readily separable from the virus is a relatively stable substance and appears to be of a protein nature . 
A specific precipitin reaction can be demonstrated when immune serum is added to solutions of antigen which have been freed of certain serologically inactive substances . 
The complement - fixation and precipitation reactions which occur in the presence of immune serum and non - infectious extracts of splenic tissue obtained from guinea pigs moribund with lymphocytic choriomeningitis seem to be manifestations of union of the same soluble antigen and its antibody . 
On the other hand , the antisoluble substance antibodies and neutralizing substances appear to be different entities . 
Acute nephritis of medium severity , affecting both glomeruli and tubules , was produced in rats by injections of anti - rat - kidney serum , given on 3 consecutive days . 
The course of the nephritis was markedly influenced by the type of diet which was fed . 
Rats tended to recover promptly from the induced nephritis when a low protein - high carbohydrate diet was given . 
On the other hand , in nephritic rats maintained on a medium protein diet the nephritis almost invariably became chronic and half the animals died of renal insufficiency during the 10 ( 1 / 2 ) months of observation . 
Finally none of the rats which received a high protein - low carbohydrate diet recovered from the acute renal injury ; all developed chronic progressive nephritis and the majority died of renal failure after some months . 
By repeated weekly intravenous injections of gum acacia solution in dogs over periods of 4 to 5 months , it has been possible to maintain plasma protein concentration and total circulating protein at very low levels . 
If sufficient numbers of such injections are given and then discontinued , plasma protein concentration will remain below the normal limits for several more months . 
Acacia remains in the blood during this time . 
Reduction of fibrinogen concentration in such animals is out of proportion to and more marked than the changes in plasma protein concentration . 
This would indicate interference with liver function . 
Plasma volume when determined at 7 day intervals during injection periods at first diminishes , then rises 20 to 25 per cent above basal levels . 
The total blood volume does not show such marked changes because of a decrease in red cell volume . 
Globulins are reduced to a greater extent than albumin after a single injection of gum acacia , although both albumin and the globulins diminish . 
This cannot be accounted for by a decrease in fibrinogen alone . 
After 14 to 16 weekly injections , both albumin and globulins are more profoundly reduced . 
During injection periods in such animals , it has not been possible to control quantitatively the dietary intake , a complication which has made it difficult to ascertain the effect of various protein diets upon the protein - acacia balance . 
The changes described , however , have taken place regardless of various types of animal protein diets . 
Following periods of injection , in spite of very low plasma protein concentration and high acacia concentration in the blood , most of the dogs eat well and therefore they can be used during this period for controlled dietary experiments which may be of value in investigating the mechanism of the production and function of the plasma proteins . 
A simple isolation of the prostate enabled quantitative collection of prostatic secretion in dogs over periods of months . 
The secretory stimulant was pilocarpine and 2 similar amounts injected with a 6 hour interval gave smaller amounts at the second testing , suggesting a fatigue effect . 
The prostate was not absolutely refractory since doubling the amount of alkaloid injected at the second test increased the volume to equal or exceed the preliminary secretion . 
The depression effect had disappeared at 24 hours . 
In normal dogs the secretory curves were essentially regular , with occasional prolonged rises or depressions . 
The amount of secretion did not bear a direct relationship to the weight of the gland in adult dogs . 
The germinal epithelium of the testis underwent atrophy during the first few weeks of cage life while the prostatic secretion was maintained , showing that the atrophy was differential and did not involve the cells producing the androgenic hormone . 
The atrophy was reversible and all dogs kept for more than 4 months showed restoration of the germ cells . 
A few dogs developed atrophy of the germinal cells with cessation of prostatic secretion for many weeks but with final recovery . 
Removal of the suprarenal glands with suprarenal insufficiency did not produce sterility . 
The distribution of electrolytes in the prostatic secretion differed from that in the serum - transudate system , although the concentration of osmotically active substances was the same , being made up almost entirely of sodium and chloride . 
The distribution was not affected by the different physiological procedures used in this study . 
Protein concentrations were less than 1 per cent . 
The rate of prostatic atrophy following castration was determined , and cessation of secretion occurred in 7 to 23 days . 
The restoration of prostatic fluid in castrate dogs following daily injections of testosterone propionate followed a smooth curve to form a plateau which was interrupted occasionally by prolonged elevations with return to the established level . 
The prostate having been reconstructed , the dosage of androgenic material injected could be greatly reduced without causing a decrease in secretion . 
Ablation of the thyroid and parathyroid glands had no significant influence on prostatic secretion . 
Hyperthyroidism caused a secretory depression interrupted with returns to normal levels . 
The following facts have been established experimentally . 
1 . 
In the presence of the synthetic detergent , Duponol PC , there is a definite reaction between dilute ferricyanide and denatured egg albumin . 
0 . 001 mM of ferrocyanide is formed by the oxidation of 10 mg . of denatured egg albumin despite considerable variation in the time , temperature , and pH of the reaction and in the concentration of ferricyanide . 
2 . 
If the concentration of ferricyanide is sufficiently high , then the reaction between ferricyanide and denatured egg albumin in Duponol solution is indefinite . 
More ferrocyanide is formed the longer the time of reaction , the higher the temperature , the more alkaline the solution , and the higher the concentration of ferricyanide . 
3 . 
Denatured egg albumin which has been treated with formaldehyde or iodoacetamide , both of which abolish the SH groups of cysteine , does not reduce dilute ferricyanide in Duponol PC solution . 
4 . 
Cysteine is the only amino acid which is known to have a definite reaction with ferricyanide or which is known to react with dilute ferricyanide at all . 
The cysteine - free proteins which have been tried do not reduce dilute ferricyanide in Duponol PC solution . 
5 . 
Concentrated ferricyanide oxidizes cystine , tyrosine , and tryptophane and proteins which contain these amino acids but not cysteine . 
The reactions are indefinite , more ferrocyanide being formed , the higher the temperature and the concentration of ferricyanide . 
6 . 
The amount of ferrocyanide formed from denatured egg albumin and a given amount of ferricyanide is less in the absence than in the presence of Duponol PC . 
7 . 
The amount of ferrocyanide formed when denatured egg albumin reacts with ferricyanide in the absence of Duponol PC depends on the temperature and ferricyanide concentration throughout the whole range of ferricyanide concentrations , even in the low range of ferricyanide concentrations in which ferricyanide does not react with amino adds other than cysteine . 
The foregoing results have led to the following conclusions which , however , have not been definitely proven . 
1 . 
The definite reaction between denatured egg albumin in Duponol PC solution and dilute ferricyanide is a reaction with SH groups whereas the indefinite reactions with concentrated ferricyanide involve other groups . 
2 . 
The SH groups of denatured egg albumin in the absence of Duponol PC react with iodoacetamide and concentrated ferricyanide but they do not all react rapidly with dilute ferricyanide . 
3 . 
Duponol PC lowers the ferricyanide concentration at which the SH groups of denatured egg albumin react with ferricyanide . 
The SH groups of denatured egg albumin , however , are free and accessible even in the absence of Duponol PC . 
A simple method of concentrating and purifying bacteriophage has been described . 
The procedure consisted essentially in collecting the active agent on a reinforced collodion membrane of a porosity that would just retain all the active agent and permit extraneous material to pass through . 
Advantage was taken of the fact that B . coli will proliferate and regenerate bacteriophage in a completely diffusible synthetic medium with ammonia as the only source of nitrogen , which permitted the purification of the bacteriophage by copious washing . 
The material thus obtained was concentrated by suction and after thorough washing possessed all the activity of the original filtrate . 
It was labile , losing its activity in a few days on standing , and was quickly and completely inactivated upon drying . 
This material contained approximately 15 per cent of nitrogen and with 2 or 3 mg . samples of inactive dry residue it was possible to obtain positive protein color tests . 
The concentrated and purified bacteriophage has about 10 ( - 14 ) mg . of nitrogen , or 6 x 10 ( - 17 ) gm . 
of protein per unit of lytic activity . 
Assuming that each unit of activity represents a molecule , the calculated maximum average molecular weight would be approximately 36 , 000 , 000 , and on the assumption of a spherical shape of particles and a density of 1 . 3 , the calculated radius would be about 22 millimicra . 
By measurement of the diffusion rate , the average radius of particle of the fraction of the purified bacteriophage which diffuses most readily through a porous plate was found to be of the order of magnitude of 9 millimicra , or of a calculated molecular weight of 2 , 250 , 000 . 
Furthermore , when this purified bacteriophage was fractionated by forcing it through a thin collodion membrane , which permits the passage of only the smaller particles , it was possible to demonstrate in the ultrafiltrate active particles of about 2 millimicra in radius , and of a calculated molecular weight of 25 , 000 . 
It was of interest to apply this method of purification to a staphylococcus bacteriophage . 
Since this organism does not readily grow in synthetic medium , a diffusate of yeast extract medium was employed . 
The better of two preparations contained about 10 ( - 12 ) mg . of nitrogen per unit of lytic activity . 
Although this is about one hundred times the amount of nitrogen found in an active unit of B . coli bacteriophage , nevertheless , the diffusion rate experiments gave results which paralleled those obtained with the coliphage . 
The diffusible particles of the crude staphylococcus bacteriophage had a radius of about 7 millimicra , and a calculated molecular weight of about 1 , 000 , 000 , while the particles of the same phage which appeared in the ultrafiltrate through a thin collodion membrane had a radius of about 2 . 4 millimicra and a calculated molecular weight of about 45 , 000 . 
It appears , therefore , that the active principle is distributed as particles of widely different sizes . 
However , since the smaller particles have all the properties of bacteriophage , the larger particles probably do not represent free molecules , but either are aggregates , or more likely , inactive colloids to which the active agent is adsorbed . 
The protein isolated , which bears the phage activity , is capable of stimulating the production of antilytic antibodies on parenteral injection into rabbits or guinea pigs . 
It retains its specific antigenicity when inactivated by formalin , but not when inactivated by drying . 
1 . 
Mammary tissue of pregnant rabbits is found to contain an agent which inhibits the growth of Bashford Adenocarcinoma 63 in mice but this material is without effect on the Crocker Sarcoma 180 . 
2 . 
Of the tissues so far studied the mammary gland of rabbits has yielded the most active product . 
3 . 
From the results it is probable that pregnancy enhances the production of the agent but this cannot be considered as established beyond doubt . 
4 . 
The factor is found , with diminished activity , only in the protein fraction obtained from the aqueous extract by full saturation with ammonium sulfate . 
The electrophoretic patterns of a series of normal and pathological human sera and plasmas have been obtained using the schlieren scanning method . 
From these patterns the mobilities and concentrations of the electrophoretically distinct protein components have been computed . 
The mobilities fall into five well defined groups corresponding to albumin , alpha , beta , and gamma globulins , and fibrinogen . 
The concentrations of the different components in pathological sera have been compared with those in normal sera , and the following tentative generalizations may be made . 
The albumin / globulin ratios for pathological sera have been consistently lower than those for normal sera . 
The values of the alpha globulin / albumin ratio for the sera of the febrile patients studied were high , the average value being over twice the normal value . 
The gamma globulin / albumin ratios for aplastic anemia and rheumatic fever sera were also above normal . 
Certain pathological conditions , notably nephrosis , were accompanied by large increases in a gamma globulin . 
There is evidence that , in part at least , this consists of a labile lipo - protein . 
Carboxymethyl , alpha - carboxyethyl - , alpha - carboxy - n - propyl - , alpha - carboxyisopropyl - , alpha - carboxy - n - butyl , alpha - carboxyisobutyl , alpha - carboxyamyl - , benzyl - , and beta - phenylethylkeratemes were prepared from the parent protein , reduced keratin or kerateine . 
Chemical analysis disclosed that the various compounds differed in their isoelectric points and solubilities depending on the nature of the substituent group introduced . 
In general , it was found that in so far as could be determined , nearly all of the available sulfhydryl groups were substituted , while no detectable substitution of the free amino groups of the proteins occurred . 
The results of the serologic studies revealed that the kerateine derivatives acquired a new immunologie character dependent on the nature of the introduced determinant group . 
Inhibition tests confirmed the results obtained . 
Evidence was also produced to show that the grouping See PDF for structure may play a rôle in some of the reactions observed . 
1 . 
Experiments designed to study , in the rabbit , the passage of foreign proteins from the blood stream into synovial fluid and to compare such passage with that taking place into the aqueous humor , spinal fluid , and urine are described . 
2 . 
Crystalline egg albumin and horse serum proteins regularly appeared in the knee joints within short periods of time following their intravenous injection . 
3 . 
These proteins also appeared promptly in the aqueous humor but in lower concentrations . 
In the spinal fluid they appeared only rarely and in minimal amounts . 
4 . 
Crystalline egg albumin was readily eliminated from the body via the urine . 
It was also removed rapidly from the knee joint and anterior chamber of the eye . 
5 . 
Horse serum proteins appeared only occasionally in the urine . 
Their concentration in the blood serum remained relatively high for several days . 
Their increased concentration in the joint fluids in the longer experiments indicates that the rate of entrance exceeded the rate of removal . 
6 . 
Foreign proteins of the type employed were all found in the joint fluids in higher concentrations than they were in the other body fluids examined . 
7 . 
The possible significance of this study with respect to normal joint physiology and to certain abnormal joint conditions has been commented upon . 
A cell - free extract of cultures of an unidentified soil bacillus , which exerts a bactericidal effect on Gram - positive microorganisms , has been described in previous reports ; the first active preparations which were obtained were found to contain a protein precipitable at pH 4 . 5 . 
It is shown in the present report that the bactericidal agent can be obtained in an active form free of protein . 
The new purified preparations retain all the activity of the original material , both in vitro and in vivo . 
1 . 
In the rods of fresh - water and some anadromous fishes , rhodopsin is replaced by the purple photolabile pigment porphyropsin . 
This participates in a retinal cycle identical in form with that of rhodopsin , but in which new carotenoids replace retinene and vitamin A . 
2 . 
Porphyropsin possesses a broad absorption maximum at 522 + / - 2 mmicro , and perhaps a minimum at about 430 mmicro . 
The vitamin A - analogue , vitamin A ( 2 ) , possesses a maximum in chloroform at 355 mmicro and yields with antimony trichloride a deep blue color due to a band at 696 mmicro . 
The retinene - analogue , retinene ( 2 ) , absorbs maximally in chloroform at 405 mmicro and possesses an antimony chloride maximum at 706 mmicro . 
3 . 
Its non - diffusibility through a semi - permeable membrane , salting - out properties , and sensitivity to chemical denaturants and to heat , characterize porphyropsin as a conjugated carotenoid - protein . 
4 . 
The porphyropsin cycle may be formulated : porphyropsin See PDF for Structure . 
retinene ( 2 ) - protein ( ( 2 ) ) ( - - > ) vitamin A ( 2 ) - protein ( ( 3 ) ) ( - - > ) porphyropsin . 
Isolation of the retina cuts this cycle at ( 3 ) ; denaturation procedures or extraction of porphyropsin into aqueous solution eliminate in addition ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) . 
5 . 
The primary difference between the rhodopsin and porphyropsin systems appears to be the possession by the latter of an added ethylenic group in the polyene chain . 
1 . 
Staphylococci activated by rapid growth in the presence of excess O ( 2 ) and subsequently brought to a resting state by storage in Locke ' s solution at 5 degrees C . produce a significant rise in [ phage ] when added to phage - containing solutions . 
2 . 
For satisfactory activation the staphylococci require a period of active growth in the presence of oxygen . 
Activation proceeds best on the acid side of neutrality although variation in pH from 5 to 9 has relatively little effect . 
Activated cells retain their phage - augmenting property for from 4 to 24 hours , and this property may be destroyed by heating the cells at temperatures which do not kill them . 
The critical thermal increment for heat inactivation is 90 , 000 suggesting that the reaction involves protein denaturation . 
3 . 
The reaction between activated cells and phage has the following characteristics : A . 
It is complete in 1 to 2 minutes after mixing the reactants . 
B . 
The increase in phage does not depend upon bacterial growth nor does it involve any untoward effect on the titration system . 
C . Serum prepared by injecting rabbits with normal live staphylococci or with activated staphylococci when mixed with activated cells before the addition of phage will prevent the customary increase in [ phage ] . 
4 . 
The phage - producing reaction which follows the addition of activated cells to phage can be interpreted in terms of the precursor theory . 
It is likely that the precursor either is a protein or contains a protein as an essential component . 
5 . 
There is no way of deciding at present whether the reaction between phage and precursor represents the hydrolytic cleavage of a protein or whether it is the final step in a synthesis catalyzed by phage . 
1 . 
The use of an antigen which can be seen within cells demonstrates that one may stimulate the phagocytic cells either of the liver and spleen or of the tissues and lymph nodes to produce antibodies . 
2 . 
The appearance of antibodies in the serum correlates with the time when the dye - protein is no longer visible within the cells and with the phenomenon of a partial shedding of their surface films . 
3 . 
It is thus inferred that the cells of the reticulo - endothelial system normally produce globulin and that antibody globulin represents the synthesis of a new kind of protein under the influence of an antigen . 
4 . 
An antigen is a substance which can specifically modify the synthesis of the cytoplasm of the cells of the reticulo - endothelial system . 
In serum of patients with nephrosis both albumin and globulin showed by osmotic pressure nearly double the molecular weights of normal albumin and globulin . 
In the urines of such patients , on the other hand , both proteins showed molecular weights lower even than in normal serum . 
The colloidal osmotic pressures were measured by the author ' s method at such dilutions that the van ' t Hoff law relating pressures to molecular concentrations could be directly applied . 
For the albumin and globulin of normal serum the molecular weights found were 72 , 000 and 164 , 000 respectively , in agreement with the weights obtained by other methods . 
The moving boundary method of electrophoresis has been applied to a study of pituitary extracts and purified protein fractions derived from these extracts . 
The technique employed was that developed by Tiselius and involved the optical observation of the protein boundaries by Toepler ' s schlieren method . 
The present experiments were designed primarily to determine the number of proteins present , the degree of homogeneity of the various fractions , and the electrophoretic mobility of the individual components under standard conditions . 
The preparations studied included crude gland extracts obtained with dilute alkali , glycerol , and saline ; purified pituitary fractions prepared by isoelectric and precipitation procedures ; and freshly prepared and aged solutions of crystalline prolactin . 
The bulk of the crude gland extracts is composed of physiologically inert proteins , the gradual removal of which in the course of the chemical purification procedures could be controlled by electrophoretic analysis . 
Freshly prepared solutions of crystalline prolactin exhibit a high degree of electrochemical homogeneity . 
Upon storage , however , a second component , presumably denatured prolactin , is formed . 
Experiments are described on the latency period in sensitization to poison ivy and on the time necessary for the agent to remain in contact with the skin . 
The chief matter of investigation concerned the manner in which the whole skin becomes sensitive following treatment at a particular site , and especially whether this is effected by way of the epidermis . 
Two methods were used to interrupt the continuity of the skin , one by cutting through both skin and the underlying thin muscular layer , the other by removing a strip of skin so as to spare the skin muscle . 
These procedures led to different results when poison ivy extract was applied to the areas thus isolated . 
In the first case , sensitization was mostly prevented , whereas with the second method generalized hypersensitiveness occurred almost uniformly . 
An explanation is to be found in the severance of the lymph vessels lying on the surface of the muscular layer , pointing to the necessity of a free lymph passage . 
On the other hand the experiments prove that general sensitization is not dependent upon maintaining the integrity of the skin around a treated area . 
An inhibition of sensitization by incisions extending through the panniculus carnosus was seen to some extent in anaphylactic sensitization with protein antigens , namely when sufficiently small amounts were employed . 
By adsorbing antigens and antibodies on barium stearate multilayers immunological reactions at surfaces have been studied . 
Pneumococcus polysaccharide specific antibody systems using purified antibodies from both horse and rabbit sera were investigated . 
The polysaccharides failed to show visible adsorption , but by alternate treatment with antibody and polysaccharide several layers of antibody could be specifically deposited . 
With the diphtheria toxin - antitoxin system antitoxin was found to adsorb to layers of toxin but not conversely . 
The reaction , however , was not specific . 
Molecular weights calculated from the thickness of adsorbed protein layers , using dissymmetry factors , roughly correspond to molecular weights calculated from sedimentation and diffusion constants . 
When blood plasma proteins are depleted by bleeding with return of the washed red blood cells ( plasmapheresis ) it is possible to bring dogs to a steady state of hypoproteinemia and a uniform plasma protein production on a basal low protein diet . 
These dogs are clinically normal . 
By the introduction of variables into their standardized existence insight into the formation of plasma proteins can be obtained . 
The liver basal diet maintains health in such hypoproteinemic dogs during periods as long as a year . 
17 to 27 per cent of its protein content ( entirely liver protein ) is presumably converted into plasma protein . 
Gelatin alone added to the liver basal diet causes very little if any extra plasma protein production . 
The addition to gelatin of cystine , or tyrosine , or tryptophane , or of both tyrosine and tryptophane has little or no effect on its potency for plasma protein production . 
When gelatin is supplemented by cystine and either tryptophane or tyrosine , 25 to 40 per cent of the protein content of the combination is converted into plasma protein - an efficiency equaling that of any protein hitherto tested . 
Preliminary experiments indicate that methionine cannot substitute for cystine nor can phenylalanine substitute for tyrosine in the efficient combination of gelatin plus cystine plus tyrosine . 
Laked red blood cells given by vein afford little or no material for plasma protein formation . 
When the reserve stores of plasma protein building material are exhausted the dog can form little if any plasma protein during protein - free diet periods . 
Constriction of the aorta just above the origin of both main renal arteries invariably resulted in elevation of the carotid systolic and carotid mean pressure . 
The hypertension was not immediate , but developed in about the same time as after constriction of the main renal arteries ( 3 ) . 
Constriction of the aorta just below the origin of both main renal arteries had no significant effect on the carotid systolic or carotid mean pressure . 
Since these results were first reported ( 1 ) , Rytand ( 88 , 89 ) has shown by an indirect method , namely , the demonstration of the development of cardiac hypertrophy , that hypertension in the upper part of the body can be produced in the rat by constriction of the aorta just above the origin of both main renal arteries . 
The immediate effect of constriction of the aorta either below or above the main renal arteries is a fall of blood pressure ( femoral mean pressure ) below the site of the clamp , the extent of the fall being directly dependent upon the degree of constriction of the aorta . 
Of particular interest is the eventual elevation of the femoral mean pressure above the normal in some animals with the aorta constricted or even occluded above the origin of the main renal arteries . 
This was most pronounced and persistent in those animals in which , in addition , the aorta below the origin of the renal arteries , and , in some animals , the main renal arteries , also were constricted . 
The most important factors which determined this elevation of blood pressure in the lower part of the body were probably increased flow of blood into the vascular bed below the clamp and peripheral vasoconstriction of renal and humoral origin , as in the case of the hypertension produced by constriction of the main renal arteries alone ( 2 - 86 ) . 
Although elevation of the carotid systolic or carotid mean pressure occurred invariably within 24 to 48 hours after the constriction of the aorta above the site of origin of both main renal arteries , yet there was a tendency , after a variable period , for the elevated blood pressure to become lower or even to drop to the original level . 
Increased constriction , and finally occlusion of the aorta , above the origin of the main renal arteries , and even constriction or occlusion of the aorta below the renal arteries , in addition , failed to induce hypertension that persisted for a long time at a high level . 
In order to produce this effect , it was necessary to constrict the main renal arteries as well . 
The possible explanation of the failure of the hypertension to persist for a long time after constriction of the aorta alone , is that the initial ischemia of the kidneys disappeared due to the improvement of the blood flow through the kidneys as a result of ( a ) the increase of the natural accessory circulation to the kidneys ; ( b ) the increased blood pressure above the site of the clamp and consequent increased flow of blood into the part of the aorta below the clamp ; ( c ) increased pressure below the site of the clamp due , in great part , to peripheral vasoconstriction , and in part to the increased inflow of blood into the lower part of the body through the aorta and collateral channels . 
For the dog , this method is not necessary for the production of persistent hypertension . 
Constriction of the main renal arteries is easily performed and is effective for the production of generalized hypertension ( 2 - 11 ) . 
However , constriction of the aorta in addition to constriction of the renal arteries results in greatly elevated persistent hypertension . 
Constriction of the aorta alone above the origin of the main renal arteries would be useful in the dog only for the production of relatively short periods of hypertension in the upper part of the body . 
For small animals it may be a more effective and useful method . 
In the dog , the only technical difficulty encountered was the erosion of the wall of the aorta by the clamp . 
This may not occur in small animals . 
In previous studies ( 2 - 11 ) that have dealt with the constriction of the main renal arteries , this accident rarely occurred . 
When the constriction of the aorta above the origin of the main renal arteries was of moderate degree , or was gradually made very great , the resultant hypertension was not accompanied by impairment of renal excretory function , as determined by urea clearance or by the quantity of urea , creatinine or non - protein nitrogen in the blood , the benign phase of hypertension ( 3 ) . 
When the constriction of the aorta was suddenly made very great , impairment of the renal excretory function usually followed , and the animal developed fatal convulsive uremia and characteristic vascular lesions , the malignant phase of hypertension ( 9 ) . 
These facts , are all indicative of the renal origin of the hypertension which results from the constriction of the aorta just above the origin of both main renal arteries . 
Hypertension did not persist for a sufficiently long time to permit any conclusive comparison between the effect of the high and low pressures on the structure of the vascular system , above and below the site of the clamp , respectively . 
During the period of survival of these animals , no significant differences were observed between the appearance of the vascular system of the upper part of the body and that of the lower part of the body , and significant cardiac hypertrophy did not develop . 
In the aorta and large arteries , intimal arteriosclerosis was not observed . 
In the aorta of one old animal several small plaques of calcification were found in the media , but these were present in the portion of the aorta below , as well as above the clamp , and they were no larger or more abundant than were observed in some old dogs with normal blood pressure . 
Dogs 3 - 50 and 3 - 83 , that are still alive , with very high blood pressure above the site of the aortic clamps , and relatively low pressure ( though greater than normal ) below the site of the aortic clamps , will be valuable for the determination of possible differences between the effects of the two levels of blood pressure in the large and small blood vessels . 
In these dogs also , it will be possible to determine the effect of the persistently high blood pressure on the myocardium . 
The possible application of the results of this study to the problem of the pathogenesis of human eclampsia is mentioned here for consideration . 
Since this condition occurs in pregnancy only at a time when the uterus is greatly enlarged , it is at least possible that the mass may press on the aorta or both main renal arteries sufficiently to produce renal ischemia . 
The suddenness with which the uremic convulsive phase of eclampsia develops is in keeping with this idea . 
In the dog , an aggravating effect of pregnancy on an already established hypertension has not been noted . 
As a matter of fact , most of the hypertensive dogs that have become pregnant , have shown a slight or moderate fall , rather than an increased rise of pressure . 
Since the dog stands with the body in a horizontal position , and does not lie on its back , pressure of the pregnant uterus on the aorta and blood vessels is less than in human beings who stand erect and frequently lie on their backs . 
The soundness of this suggestion could be tested by placing pregnant women , in the early stage of eclampsia , in a position which could relieve possible pressure on the aorta and main renal arteries . 
A possible explanation of the fall of pressure in the pregnant hypertensive dogs is the compensatory effect of the normal kidneys of the pups , as in the case of an animal with one main renal artery constricted and the other kidney normal . 
As has been shown ( 3 , 31 , 72 ) , the presence of one normal kidney in an animal hypertensive due to constriction of the other main renal artery , results , after a variable period , in a return of the blood pressure to normal . 
How the normal kidney acts to produce this effect is not known . 
Crystalline trypsinogen is most readily and completely transformed into trypsin by means of enterokinase in the range of pH 5 . 2 - 6 . 0 at 5 degrees C . and at a concentration of trypsinogen of not more than 0 . 1 mg . per ml . 
The action of enterokinase under these conditions is that of a typical enzyme . 
The process follows closely the course of a catalytic unimolecular reaction , the rate of formation of trypsin being proportional to the concentration of enterokinase added and the ultimate amount of trypsin formed being independent of the concentration of enterokinase . 
The catalytic action of enterokinase on crystalline trypsinogen in dilute solution at pH more alkaline than 6 . 0 and in concentrated solution at pH even slightly below 6 . 0 is complicated by the partial transformation of the trypsinogen into inert protein which can no longer be changed into trypsin even by a large excess of enterokinase . 
This secondary reaction is catalyzed by the trypsin formed and the rate of the reaction is proportional to the concentration of trypsin as well as to the concentration of trypsinogen in solution . 
Hence under these conditions only a small part of the trypsinogen is changed by enterokinase into trypsin while a considerable part of the trypsinogen is transformed into inert protein , the more so the lower the concentration of enterokinase used . 
The kinetics of the formation of trypsin by means of enterokinase when accompanied by the formation of inert protein can be explained quantitatively on the theoretical assumption that both reactions are of the simple catalytic unimolecular type , the catalyst being enterokinase in the first reaction and trypsin in the second reaction . 
1 . 
The ratios between the rates of growth of the body and of the heart , kidneys , and liver are approximately uniform between 40 gm . 
body weight and the body weight at maturity in the albino rat . 
The male and female hearts grow at 0 . 75 times the rate of growth of the body , the male kidneys at 0 . 717 times , the female kidneys at 0 . 648 times , and the liver at 0 . 838 times the rate of growth of the body as a whole . 
2 . 
Formulas for the prediction of organ weight from body weight were derived from the data on 1591 albino rats kept under constant conditions . 
3 . 
A series of experiments in which dietetic and metabolic variables were introduced into otherwise constant conditions showed that the heart weight was not affected by diet , and that both kidney weight and weight of liver protein ( used as a measure of effective liver size ) varied in the direction of change in the protein content of the diet . 
Decrease in rate of metabolism induced by thyroidectomy and increase in metabolism following the administration of thyroxin led to a corresponding fall and rise of heart , kidney , and liver protein weight . 
These results were confirmed in experiments on fasted rats with the exception that under these conditions thyroidectomy did not appreciably decrease liver protein weight relatively to fasted controls . 
Increase in organ metabolism due to dinitrophenol had no effect on organ weight . 
4 . 
When experimental changes alter the composition of the body with respect to fat or water , the comparison of experimental and control organ weights in terms of any one function of body weight is fallacious . 
5 . 
Conditions that change kidney weight usually change liver protein weight in the same direction and roughly to the same degree . 
The possible meaning of two exceptions to this rule is discussed . 
6 . 
The observations made are regarded as supporting the hypothesis that , after weaning , change in the weight of the heart , kidney , and liver protein is determined mainly by change in the amount of work done by these organs . 
1 . 
A substance extracted from group A hemolytic streptococcus is described , which induces active immunity in mice , and in rabbits gives rise to precipitins and to protective antibodies passively transferable to mice . 
2 . 
The active immunity in mice is principally type - specific , but some degree of non - type - specific immunity is also developed . 
The passively transferable protective antibodies are type - specific with only a slight suggestion of non - type specificity . 
In the precipitin test , the rabbit immune sera give both type - specific and non - type - specific reactions which have not been fully analyzed serologically . 
3 . 
Substances contained in the extract absorb the protective antibodies from the serum of rabbits immunized with whole hemolytic streptococci . 
4 . 
The most satisfactory method of extraction so far developed is fully described . 
Chemical tests on the material are consistent with the presence of protein and nucleic acid . 
5 . 
The type - specific M substance , prepared as previously described , was compared in some of its antigenic properties with the above mentioned substance . 
It was found capable of inducing active immunity in mice and of absorbing protective antibody from anti - bacterial immune serum in a manner qualitatively similar to that obtained with the preparations made by the newer methods . 
A low protein intake will cause limited hemoglobin production in standard anemic dogs . 
It appears that the dog on a limited protein intake is unable to produce the usual amount of globin and therefore of hemoglobin even in the presence of a large excess of iron . 
Iron given by mouth or by vein shows the same result - the dog made anemic by blood withdrawal cannot produce the expected new hemoglobin related to the iron intake when the protein intake is held at low levels . 
These dogs can be kept in perfect health and weight equilibrium during these long periods of limited diet intake and anemia . 
Under the stress of protein limitation the proteins of salmon muscle , banana and carrot are well utilized and it requires only 7 to 8 gm . 
of these food proteins to produce 1 gm . 
of new hemoglobin . 
These experiments show clearly that the iron content of liver is not wholly responsible for its potency in anemia due to hemorrhage . 
Kerateine and metakeratin were prepared from wool , chicken feathers and human hair . 
Chemical analyses revealed that the compounds are closely related . 
The results of serological studies disclose that species specificity is an individual characteristic of the keratins employed and that the specificity observed is dependent on the redox state of the sulfhydryl groupings in the protein molecule . 
A solution of crystalline trypsinogen in dilute buffer containing a trace of active trypsin when allowed to stand at pH 5 . 0 - 9 . 0 and 5 degrees C . is gradually transformed partly into trypsin protein and partly into an inert protein which can no longer be changed into trypsin either by enterokinase or mold kinase . 
During the process of formation of trypsin and inert protein the ratio of the concentrations of the two products in any reaction mixture remains constant and is independent of the original concentration of trypsinogen protein . 
This ratio varies , however , with the pH of the solution , the proportion of trypsin formed being greater in the acid range of pH . 
The experimental curves for the rate of formation of trypsin , as well as for the rate of formation of inert protein are symmetrical S shaped curves closely resembling those of simple autocatalytic reactions . 
The kinetics of formation of trypsin and inert protein can be explained quantitatively on the theoretical assumptions that both reactions are of the simple unimolecular type , that in each case the reaction is catalyzed by trypsin , and that the rate of formation of each of the products is proportional to the concentration of trypsin as well as to the concentration of trypsinogen in solution . 
The soluble antigen of myxoma is a heat - labile protein which has an isoelectric point near pH 4 . 5 and is precipitated from half saturated solutions of ammonium sulfate . 
It can be partially purified by methods of differential precipitation based on variations in the pH and electrolyte concentration . 
Rabbits receiving the labile , soluble substance of myxoma develop homologous precipitins and their serum agglutinates elementary bodies of myxoma , provided the dermal pulp from which the bodies are obtained contains the soluble substance ; neutralizing antibodies do not appear , however , and the animals are not resistant to infection with the virus of myxoma . 
Elementary bodies of myxoma appear to have a heat - stable agglutinogen that operates when brought in contact with serum from animals recovered from myxoma , but little , if at all , when in contact with anti - soluble substance serum . 
A solution of chymotrypsin on slight hydrolysis undergoes an irreversible change into new proteins , two of which are enzymes and have been isolated in crystalline form . 
The new crystalline enzymes , called beta and gamma chymotrypsins , differ from the original chymotrypsin as well as from each other in many physical and chemical respects , such as molecular weight , crystalline form , solubility , and combining capacity with acid . 
The new enzymes still possess the same enzymatic properties as chymotrypsin . 
It thus appears that the irreversible change from chymotrypsin to the new enzymes does not affect the structure responsible for the enzymatic activity of the molecule . 
The solubility curves of the new enzymes agree approximately with the curves for a solid phase of one component and furnish very good evidence that the preparations represent distinct substances . 
The various enzymes when mixed at the proper pH have a tendency to form mixed crystals of the solid solution type . 
Thus at pH 4 . 0 gamma chymotrypsin combines to form solid solution crystals with either alpha or beta chymotrypsin . 
Hence at this pH separation of gamma from either alpha or beta by means of fractional crystallization is impossible . 
At pH 5 . 0 - 6 . 0 , however , each material crystallizes in its own characteristic form and at its own rate ; thus a fractional separation of the various enzymes from each other becomes feasible . 
A marked reactivation of tobacco mosaic virus protein that has been partially or completely inactivated by formaldehyde was obtained by dialysis at pH 3 . 
The activity of partially inactivated virus proteins was generally increased about 10 - fold by the reactivation process . 
It was also found possible to reactivate completely inactive preparations to an appreciable extent . 
It was shown that the inactivation and the subsequent reactivation cannot be explained by the toxicity of the formaldehyde or of the formolized protein or by aggregation . 
Inactivation was accompanied by a decrease in amino groups as indicated by Van Slyke gasometric determinations and by colorimetric estimations using ninhydrin . 
Inactivation also causes a decrease in the number of groups that react with Folin ' s reagent at pH 7 . 7 . 
The latter are probably the indole nuclei of tryptophane , for it was demonstrated that tryptophane , glycyltryptophane , and indole propionic acid react with formaldehyde in a similar manner , while tyrosine and glycyltyrosine do not . 
Evidence that reactivation is accompanied by an increase in amino nitrogen and in groups that react with Folin ' s reagent was obtained by colorimetric estimation . 
The demonstration that the addition of formaldehyde to the virus protein results in a simultaneous decrease of activity , of amino groups , and of groups that react with Folin ' s phenol reagent , and that under conditions favorable for the removal of formaldehyde the virus activity is regained and the number of such groups increases , indicates that certain of these groups play at least a partial role in the structure necessary for virus activity . 
These changes can best be interpreted on the basis of known chemical reactions and are considered as evidence that virus activity is a specific property of the protein . 
1 . 
In a number of cats , dogs , monkeys , and in a rabbit , the cervical lymph ducts were cannulated and protein solutions dropped into the nose , and the lymph was examined afterwards for the presence of the protein employed . 
2 . 
Egg albumin was found in the lymph in all cases with one exception . 
Horse serum was never detected . 
Serum albumin did not come through in the cats , but did in a rabbit . 
3 . 
With a 1 per cent solution of T - 1824 in horse serum no dye appeared in the lymph . 
This is regarded as confirming Gregersen and Gibson ' s ( 2 ) view that T - 1824 combines with the serum proteins . 
1 . 
Tuberculo - protein in solution induces the formation of monocytes in the normal animal and tubercles of epithelioid cells in that which is tuberculous . 
2 . 
Freshly precipitated tuberculo - proteins from the culture media and from the bacilli induce a moderate formation of epithelioid cells in normal animals , and more in the tuberculous . 
3 . 
Insoluble forms of tuberculo - protein induce complex tubercular tissue in normal animals . 
This action is enhanced in the tuberculous . 
1 . 
Guinea pigs can be rendered hypersensitive to tuberculo - protein by small , repeated , intradermal injections of active tuberculo - protein . 
2 . 
The addition of tuberculo - phosphatide to the protein speeds up the process of sensitization and enhances it so that the reactions become indurated and necrotic , closely simulating those of the disease . 
3 . 
Active tuberculo - proteins induce a new formation of monocytes and some epithelioid cells . 
The addition of phosphatide to the protein brings about a massive formation of epithelioid cells . 
4 . 
With the increased cellular reaction to the mixed injections may be correlated the increase in the speed and intensity of the sensitization . 
5 . 
The intradermal route is the best for these sensitizations , probably because it provides the greatest dose per cell of the sensitizing agent . 
6 . 
The degree of sensitization artificially obtainable by the synergistic action of tuberculo - phosphatide and tuberculo - protein is quite comparable to the degree of sensitization naturally occurring in tuberculous animals ; moreover , this degree of sensitization may be induced with amounts of the materials from the bacilli which could conceivably be present in the tissues of an infected host . 
Prior observations on the cellular reactions to tuberculo - phosphatide are confirmed and compared with reactions induced by this material in tuberculous animals . 
In the latter the response is accelerated and augmented and simulates the Koch phenomenon . 
Tuberculo - protein produces no macroscopic reaction in normal animals . 
The microscopic reaction of neutrophiles and monocytes regresses in less than a week . 
The same material in tuberculous animals causes a response characterized by more or less hemorrhage and necrosis , tissue degeneration , and infiltration of neutrophiles and monocytes . 
Late in the reaction there may be a few epithelioid cells and foreign body giant cells . 
Preparations of tuberculo - phosphatide which contain no tubercle bacilli , or only a few , induce the typical cellular response but do not induce hypersensitiveness to tuberculin . 
Repeated intradermal skin - test injections of tuberculo - protein MA - 100 in normal guinea pigs may be followed by a mild hypersensitiveness to subsequent injections . 
1 . 
Artificial antigens containing the azobenzyl glycosides of the disaccharide cellobiose and the aldobionic acid , cellobiuronic acid , give rise in rabbits to antibodies which are specific and characteristic of the saccharide constituent . 
The antiserum to cellobiuronic acid shows broader serological cross reactions than does that to cellobiose . 
2 . 
An antiserum to the cellobiuronic acid antigen precipitates the capsular polysaccharide of Type III Pneumococcus when the latter is combined with a heterologous protein . 
3 . 
The cellobiuronic acid test antigen precipitates vigorously in antipneumococcus sera Types II , III , and VIII . 
The mechanism of these reactions is discussed . 
Studies have been made by means of sedimentation in the ultracentrifuge , and by diffusion and electrophoresis , to determine the molecular weights and homogeneity of the tuberculin protein and polysaccharide molecules as found in their natural state in the unchanged filtrates from culture media after growth of tubercle bacilli . 
These results have been compared with data obtained on fractions isolated by chemical procedures from them or from old tuberculin . 
By means of electrophoresis in the Tiselius apparatus it was possible to separate the protein from the polysaccharide , as these two fractions occur naturally in the original culture medium filtrates of acid - fast bacilli . 
The protein from the bovine strain of bacillus proved to be homogeneous in sedimentation ( S ( 20 ) = 1 . 6 ) , diffusion ( D ( 20 ) = 12 . 0 ) and electrophoresis , with a molecular weight of about 10 , 000 . 
The tuberculin polysaccharide isolated in electrophoresis appeared to be practically the same in sedimentation and in precipitin reaction as the polysaccharide isolated by chemical procedure . 
The latter proved to be homogeneous in sedimentation ( S ( 20 ) = 1 . 6 ) and diffusion ( D ( 20 ) = 11 . 0 ) with a molecular weight of about 9000 . 
A practically homogeneous protein was isolated from the culture filtrate of the human tubercle bacillus H 37 by fractional ammonium sulfate precipitation , with a molecular weight of 32 , 000 ( S ( 20 ) = 3 . 3 ; D ( 20 ) = 8 . 2 ) . 
It was electrochemically homogeneous , with an isoelectric point at pH 4 . 3 and an isoionic point at pH 4 . 7 . 
It could be dried or frozen with no loss in homogeneity . 
It was highly antigenic in the precipitin reaction and produced the anaphylactic type of local skin reaction in tuberculous guinea pigs , in contrast to the true tuberculin type of reaction caused by a purified PPD fraction . 
Furthermore death resulted in tuberculous guinea pigs from intracutaneous injection of exceptionally small amounts . 
A protein with molecular weight of about 17 , 000 was isolated from the filtrate from cultures of the timothy bacillus . 
The nucleic acid originally occurring in old tuberculin ( OT ) seems to be responsible for the high electrochemical mobility observed . 
From OT and the PPD made from it , potent but non - antigenic molecules of 16 , 000 and 9000 weight and with a low content of nucleic acid were isolated . 
With increase in size these deviated much from the normal compact spherical shape , and aggregation was evident from the tendency toward gel formation . 
The smallest molecule ( 9000 ) was homogeneous ( S ( 20 ) = 1 . 0 ; D ( 20 ) = 10 . 0 ) and had lost some tuberculin potency . 
The error in a diabetic is essentially a carbohydrate intolerance , and correction of this defect should be aimed at in treatment . Dietetic treatment of diabetes is more readily studied in early cases or cases in the pre - diabetic state , before arterial degeneration and other catastrophes have become manifest . 
It is suggested that such a condition exists in obese subjects with a carbohydrate intolerance . A high protein diet based on a study of these cases is brought forward . This diet has been shown to operate favourably in diabetic states . 
Many cases of reasonable severity can be brought to develop a normal or nearly normal glucose tolerance curve and retain this state over a period of years . 
Cases in this state are better able to resist concomitant infections without deterioration of their tolerance than cases imperfectly balanced with insulin . The high protein diet can be used in cases of hyperpiesia in the absence of gross kidney damage . 
These cases show a steady and lasting drop in blood - pressure without the necessity of employing rest . The value of the pure fruit diet in increasing tolerance of certain diabetics to carbohydrate is demonstrated . The indiscriminate use of insulin in hyperglycaemic states is deprecated on the grounds that it is frequently unnecessary , and though it may balance it does not necessarily rectify the main deficiency of carbohydrate intolerance . By the use of this simple high protein diet , where no weighing , & c . , is required , a large number of diabetics at present on insulin could be readily dealt with , a return to a normal or nearly normal glucose tolerance curve being obtained and maintained . 
1 . 
Although the isoelectric points of dissolved cystine , tyrosine , and aspartic acid molecules lie at widely differing pH values , the isoelectric points of the surfaces of these substances in the crystalline state are all near pH 2 . 3 . 
This was found to be true in solutions of hydrochloric acid and in acetate buffers of approximately constant ionic strength . 
2 . 
When suspended in gelatin , tyrosine and cystine crystals adsorb the protein and attain a surface identical in behavior with gelatin - coated quartz or collodion particles . 
3 . 
Aluminum ions at low concentrations reduce the electric mobilities of tyrosine crystals to zero in a manner analogous to their effect on other surfaces . 
4 . 
Alkyl benzene droplets also have their electric mobility reduced to zero at low pH values but , unlike the amino acids , a change in sign was never noticed . 
5 . 
The mobility of tyrosine crystals is independent of crystal length between 2 - 100micro . 
Below this size the mobilities are decreased . 
6 . 
These results are discussed in connection with the concept of the general definition of the isoelectric point and the behavior of certain insoluble proteins such as wool and silk fibroin . 
A method is presented for determining the relative degree of sedimentation of proteins and other small particles , either in pure form or in a mixture , utilizing the concentration centrifuge of Bauer and Pickels . 
Chemical analysis or biological assay of material obtained at different fluid levels by means of a special sampling device is used to measure the degree of sedimentation . 
The results are reproducible within 10 per cent and , under the conditions of the experiments cited , are characteristic for the proteins thus far investigated . 
1 . 
A powerful kinase which changes trypsinogen to trypsin was found to be present in the synthetic liquid culture medium of a mold of the genus Penicillium . 
2 . 
The concentration of kinase in the medium is increased gradually during the growth of the mold organism and continues to increase for some time even after the mold has ceased growing . 
3 . 
Mold kinase transforms trypsinogen to trypsin only in an acid medium . 
It differs thus from enterokinase and trypsin which activate trypsinogen best in a slightly alkaline medium . 
4 . 
The action of the mold kinase in the process of transformation of trypsinogen is that of a typical enzyme . 
The process follows the course of a catalytic unimolecular reaction , the rate of formation of a definite amount of trypsin being proportional to the concentration of kinase added . 
The ultimate amount of trypsin formed , however , is independent of the concentration of kinase used . 
5 . 
The formation of trypsin from trypsinogen by mold kinase is not accompanied by any measurable loss of protein . 
6 . 
The temperature coefficient of formation of trypsin from trypsinogen by mold kinase varies from Q ( 5 - 15 ) = 1 . 70 to Q ( 25 - 30 ) = 1 . 25 with a corresponding variation in the value of micro from 8100 to 4250 . 
7 . 
Trypsin formed from trypsinogen by means of mold kinase is identical in crystalline form with the crystalline trypsin obtained by spontaneous autocatalytic activation of trypsinogen at pH 8 . 0 . 
The two products have within the experimental error the same solubility and specific activity . 
A solution saturated with the crystals of either one of the trypsin preparations does not show any increase in protein concentration or activity when crystals of the other trypsin preparation are added . 
8 . 
The Penicillium mold kinase has a slight activating effect on chymo - trypsinogen the rate being only 1 - 2 per cent of that of trypsinogen . 
The activation , as in the case of trypsinogen , takes place only in an acid medium . 
9 . 
Mold kinase is rapidly destroyed when brought to pH 6 . 5 or higher , and also when heated to 70 degrees C . In the temperature range of 50 - 60 degrees C . the inactivation of kinase follows a unimolecular course with a temperature coefficient of Q ( 10 ) = 12 . 1 and micro = 53 , 500 . 
The molecular weight of mold kinase , as determined by diffusion , is 40 , 000 . 
( 1 ) Among 3 , 100 persons immunized against yellow fever with virus and immune serum over a period of five years , 89 cases of jaundice have been traced . 
( 2 ) The symptoms are those of a hepatitis and closely resemble those produced by common infective hepatic jaundice , cases of which have frequently been noted as occurring in the same areas . 
( 3 ) The average period between the time of inoculation and the development of hepatitis is between two and three months . 
( 4 ) Attention is directed to the occurrence of hepatitis in horses , usually two to three months after immunization against the viruses of horse sickness and equine encephalomyelitis , and also after the injection of horse serum containing antitoxins against Cl . 
Similar symptoms were observed , though to a lesser extent , in normal horses . 
( 5 ) The only factor common to the inoculated horses and men was the injection of homologous proteins , either in sera or in tissue extracts . 
( 6 ) The only theories which at present explain the observed facts are that either ( 1 ) a hepatotoxic virus is introduced with the virus inoculum or that ( 2 ) two factors combine to induce the hepatitis ( a ) a hepatotoxic substance present in the homologous sera or tissue extract injected and ( b ) an infective agent which , in the case at least of human beings , is probably the causal agent of common infective hepatic jaundice . 
It has been shown in this paper that structural and functional changes in acute glomerular nephritis in rabbits produced by nephrotoxins by the method of Masugi are the same as those found in human glomerular nephritis . 
The morbid anatomy is characterized by glomerular cell proliferation , and in some cases by deposition of fibrin and crescent formation of the glomeruli and by fatty changes of the tubules . 
The functional changes are : oliguria , proteinuria , hematuria , cylindruria , edema , rise in blood urea , and according to Masugi ( 1933 , 1934 ) and Smadel ( 1936 , 1937 ) , rise in blood pressure , lipuria , and fall in urea clearance and plasma proteins . 
As we are unaware of any discrepancies between the experimentally induced disease and human nephritis , the conclusion follows that the two so closely resemble each other that they appear to be identical . 
As to the pathogenesis , it has been shown that the disease begins with a period of latency . 
This is characterizied anatomically by hyperemia of the glomeruli ; and functionally , in at least a number of cases , by an increased diuresis . 
It follows , therefore , that the theory of Volhard , according to which glomerular nephritis is caused by arteriolar spasms , can no longer be maintained . 
It has further been demonstrated that proliferation of glomerular cells is the typical lesion , and that deposition of fibrin and crescent formation occur only in certain cases , and in these only in a widely varying number of glomeruli . 
As crescents are found as early as the proliferation itself , it follows that they should not be regarded as pathognomonic of the subacute phase , but that they represent a complication which probably aggravates the disease . 
As to correlation of morphological and functional changes , it has been demonstrated that oliguria , marked proteinuria and diminished excretion of cyanol appear at the time when the glomerular changes are at their peak . 
Evidence has been presented that the oliguria and the decrease in cyanol excretion in acute glomerular nephritis are chiefly the result of the glomerular damage . 
It has further been demonstrated that the excretion of azofuchsin was unchanged , except for a diminution in the rabbit which at autopsy showed a marked fatty change of the tubules . 
We regard these observations as evidence , that , in acute glomerular nephritis in rabbits , glomeruli and tubules may function independently of each other . 
When blood plasma proteins are depleted by bleeding , with return of the washed red cells ( plasmapheresis ) it is possible to bring dogs to a steady state of hypoproteinemia and a uniform plasma protein production on a basal low protein diet . 
These dogs are clinically normal with normal appetite , no anemia and normal nitrogen metabolism . 
These dogs become test subjects by which various factors relating to plasma protein production may be tested . 
The normal dog ( 10 to 13 kg . 
) has a substantial reserve store of plasma protein building material ( 10 to 60 + gm . 
) which requires 2 to 6 weeks plasmapheresis for its complete removal . 
After this period the dog will produce uniform amounts of plasma protein each week on a fixed basal diet . 
Dogs previously depleted by plasmapheresis and then permitted to return to normal during a long rest period of many weeks , may show much higher reserve stores of protein building material in subsequent periods of plasma depletion ( see Table 1 ) . 
Under uniform conditions of low protein diet intake when plasmapheresis is discontinued for 2 weeks the plasma protein building material is stored quantitatively in the body and can subsequently be recovered ( Table 4 ) in the next 2 to 3 weeks of plasmapheresis . 
Given complete depletion of plasma protein building reserve stores the dog can produce very little ( 2 + / - gm . 
per week ) plasma protein on a protein - free diet . 
This may be related to the wear and tear of body protein and conservation of these split products . 
Abscesses produced in a depleted dog during a fast may cause some excess production of plasma protein which is probably related to products of tissue destruction conserved for protein anabolism . 
Gelatin alone added to the basal diet causes very little plasma protein production but when supplemented by tryptophane gives a large protein output , while tryptophane alone is inert . 
In the presence of animal fluids or their protein constituents , Type I Pneumococcus survived and multiplied at acid hydrogen ion concentrations which in the plain broth were bactericidal for these organisms . 
Minimal numbers of these cells readily produced pneumococcus growth in serum broth when adjusted at hydrogen ion concentration as great as pH 5 . 5 with hydrochloric , or to pH 6 . 5 with acetic acid . 
Growth of the pneumococci could be demonstrated in serum broth adjusted to pH 5 . 0 with hydrochloric , or to pH 5 . 5 with acetic acid although at these hydrogen ion concentrations , large amounts of inoculum were necessary . 
Similar results were obtained with broth to which certain animal proteins were added and in serum broth which was previously heated by autoclave at 20 pounds pressure for 20 minutes . 
Pneumococcus growth proceeded at a more rapid rate in serum dextrose broth at pH 6 . 5 than in dextrose broth alone at the optimal hydrogen ion concentration of pH 7 . 8 . 
At pH 6 . 0 large numbers of pneumococci failed to produce the same amount of growth in serum dextrose broth as at pH 6 . 5 or in dextrose broth alone at pH 7 . 8 . 
It is of interest that in serum dextrose broth cultures , the stationary and decline phases of pneumococcus growth were prolonged and cell death delayed in comparison with cultures in dextrose broth alone . 
1 . 
Inflammation retards the absorption of horse serum globulin and crystalline egg albumin from the peritoneal cavity and subcutaneous tissue , but retardation of the absorption of crystalline egg albumin is less than that of globulin , which is less diffusible . 
2 . 
Inflammation retards the absorption of the specific polysaccharide of pneumococcus Type I from the peritoneal cavity ; inflammation may accelerate , but does not hinder , the absorption of glucose from the peritoneal cavity . 
3 . 
Inflammation retards the spread of trypan blue in the skin , but accelerates absorption from the skin of the more diffusible dye , brom phenol blue . 
4 . 
Phenol red is excreted in the urine with equal rapidity after injection into normal and into inflamed subcutaneous tissue or into normal and into inflamed peritoneal cavities . 
Direct extractions of phenol red from inflamed subcutaneous sites indicate that inflammation accelerates the absorption of the dye from these areas . 
5 . 
Inflammation retards the absorption of the indiffusible proteins , carbohydrates and dyes ; it tends to accelerate the absorption of the diffusible carbohydrates and dyes . 
Small amounts of formaldehyde inhibited the precipitating activity of horse diphtheria antitoxin with toxin and of horse antipneumococcus serum with the homologous capsular carbohydrate . 
Approximately 1 part of commercial formaldehyde to 1000 parts of serum , acting for 24 hours , inhibited the flocculating activity completely . 
In both cases , the combining affinity of the treated antibody for the corresponding antigen was not demonstrably affected , as determined both by in vitro experiments and by animal protection . 
More intensive treatment of the antipneumococcus serum caused an apparent loss of its bacterial agglutinating activity , but on centrifugation the organisms cohered : combination had occurred , and only the spontaneous aggregation was prevented . 
These effects are the same as those previously described for diazo compounds , and have been qualitatively reproduced with acetaldehyde , benzaldehyde and butyraldehyde . 
The quantitative relationships suggest that only a few groups in the antibody molecule need be modified by formaldehyde in order to prevent aggregation ; and it is probable that these are some of the free NH ( 2 ) groups of the antibody protein . 
In marked contrast , the combining affinity of both antipneumococcus antibody and diphtheria antitoxin for the corresponding antigens was only slightly affected by amounts of formaldehyde which sufficed to block the free NH ( 2 ) groups rapidly and almost completely . 
Similarly , this amount of treatment did not affect the reactivity of these two antisera acting as antigen with a rabbit antiserum versus horse serum . 
The integrity of the NH ( 2 ) groups is apparently not essential for the activity of these sera acting either as antigen or as antibody ; and the slow disappearance of their activity in concentrated HCOH is apparently to be ascribed to some secondary reaction other than the simple addition of HCOH to free NH ( 2 ) groups . 
The present experiments do not support the theory that antigen - antibody aggregates are lattice - like structures built up from elementary antigen - antibody compounds because of residual specific combining groups . 
The aggregating activity of both antipneumococcus serum and diphtheria antitoxin was completely inhibited by procedures which did not demonstrably affect their combining power with antigen . 
This suggests that the aggregation of antigen - antibody compounds is a secondary , non - specific reaction . 
It is perhaps significant that the amount of formaldehyde which just sufficed to prevent aggregation also caused a marked increase in the solubility of the pneumococcus antibody , which could then no longer be precipitated at serum pH by dilution with water or by dialysis . 
This strongly suggests that the loss of precipitating activity is actually due to the increased solubility of the antibody and supports the hypothesis that the primary cause of specific antigen - antibody aggregation is the relative insolubility of the bound antibody . 
1 . 
A method is described for the preparation of pepsinogen from swine gastric mucosae which consists of extraction and fractional precipitation with ammonium sulfate solutions followed by two precipitations with a copper hydroxide reagent under particular conditions . 
Crystallization as very thin needles takes place at 10 degrees C . , pH 5 . 0 and from 0 . 4 saturated ammonium sulfate solution containing 3 - 5 mg . protein nitrogen per milliliter . 
2 . 
Solubility measurements , fractional recrystallization , and fractionation experiments based on separation after partial heat or alkali denaturation and after partial reversal of heat or alkali denaturation failed to reveal the presence of any protein impurity . 
3 . 
The properties of the enzymatically inactive pepsinogen were studied and compared with the properties of crystalline pepsin . 
The properties of pepsinogen which are similar to those of pepsin are : molecular weight , absorption spectrum , tyrosine - tryptophane content , and elementary analysis . 
The properties in which they differ are : enzymatic activity , crystalline form , amino nitrogen , titration curve , pH stability range , specific optical rotation , isoelectric point , and the reversibility of heat or alkali denaturation . 
4 . 
Conversion of pepsinogen into pepsin at pH 4 . 6 was found to be autocatalytic ; i . e . , the pepsin formed catalyzes the reaction . 
Conversion of pepsinogen into pepsin is accompanied by the splitting off of a portion of the molecule containing 15 - 20 per cent of the pepsinogen nitrogen . 
The absorption spectra of visual purple solutions extracted by various means were measured with a sensitive photoelectric spectrophotometer and compared with the classical visual purple absorption spectrum . 
Hardening the retinas in alum before extraction yielded visual purple solutions of much higher light transmission in the blue and violet , probably because of the removal of light - dispersing substances . 
Re - extraction indicated that visual purple is more soluble in the extractive than are the other colored retinal components . 
However , the concentration of the extractive did not affect the color purity of the extraction but did influence the keeping power . 
This suggests a chemical combination between the extractive and visual purple . 
The pH of the extractive affected the color purity of the resulting solution . 
Over the pH range from 5 . 5 to 10 . 0 , the visual purple color purity was greatest at the low pH . 
Temperature during extraction was also effective , the color purity being greater the higher the temperature , up to 40 degrees C . Drying and subsequent re - dissolving of visual purple solutions extracted with digitalin freed the solution of some protein impurities and increased its keeping power . 
Dialysis against distilled water seemed to precipitate visual purple from solution irreversibly . 
None of the treatments described improved the symmetry of the unbleached visual purple absorption spectrum sufficiently for it to resemble the classical absorption spectrum . 
Therefore it is very likely that the classical absorption spectrum is that of the light - sensitive group only and that the absorption spectra of our purest unbleached visual purple solutions represent the molecule as a whole . 
We have shown that it is possible to obtain from extracts of vaccine virus - infected tissues a substance or substances , apparently protein , which are serologically active , and which are specifically related to vaccinal infection . 
The present investigation is concerned with a study of their immunological reactions . 
Their intraperitoneal injection in rabbits is followed by the appearance in the serum of these animals of antibodies directed specifically against them . 
The precipitating capacities of this serum are entirely removed after addition of appropriate quantities of heated vaccine virus extract , indicating that antibodies against only the heat - stable antigens have been produced . 
Further evidence of the specificity of the antibodies is gained from the reverse experiment , that is , absorption of a virus extract with the serum . 
We have shown that under suitable conditions the serum will remove S antigen specifically leaving the labile substances in solution . 
This would apparently indicate that they are serologically distinct although both are vaccinal products . 
Serum of animals injected with the S substance and containing antibodies against it in high titer is apparently capable of neutralizing minute amounts of active virus . 
The animals providing the serum are , however , without demonstrable resistance to vaccinia . 
The significance of the neutralizing activity of the serum is debatable because it is of a greatly different order of magnitude from that which follows infection with vaccinia . 
Lowered plasma protein concentration following single injections of gum acacia in the dog is due in some part to dilution , and in greater part to actual decrease in total circulating protein . 
The maximum decrease in the total circulating protein does not take place at the same time as the maximum decrease in concentration . 
Fluctuations in fibrinogen concentration are marked , and are not necessarily proportional to changes in plasma protein concentration . 
Plasma protein concentration returns to normal limits within 10 to 21 days after the injection , at which time total circulating protein and plasma volume are lower than normal . 
Loss of protein cannot be accounted for by increase in urinary nitrogen . 
It is possible to maintain dogs at low levels of plasma protein concentration for several weeks by repeated injections of gum acacia solution . 
Anatomical changes following such a procedure in a normal dog are most conspicuous in the liver ( Fig . 
A ) . 
These observations further implicate the liver as a source of plasma protein . 
Two mechanisms for the diminution of plasma protein following gum injection are suggested . 
One of these is based on the possibility that the liver cells being engorged with gum acacia are not able to produce the necessary amount of plasma protein to supply the normal demand . 
The other possibility is that with the injection of the gum , since there is obviously a greatly increased amount of colloid in the blood , the more readily removable colloid , i . e .  plasma protein , is taken out of the blood stream , in an attempt to return plasma volume and colloid osmotic pressure to the normal limits . 
It is probable that both of these mechanisms are involved . 
Injection of gum acacia is suggested as a technique for further study of disturbed liver function . 
It must be obvious that clinical use of gum acacia for intravenous injection is not without danger . 
1 . 
A method for isolating a nucleoprotein from lysed staphylococci culture is described . 
2 . 
It is homogeneous in the ultracentrifuge and has a sedimentation constant of 650 x 10 ( - 13 ) cm . 
dyne ( - 1 ) sec . 
( - 1 ) , corresponding to a molecular weight of about 300 , 000 , 000 . 
3 . 
The diffusion coefficient varies from about 0 . 001 cm . 
( 2 ) / day in solutions containing more than 0 . 1 mg . protein / ml . 
to 0 . 02 in solutions containing less than 0 . 001 mg . protein / ml . 
The rate of sedimentation also decreases as the concentration decreases . 
It is suggested , therefore , that this protein exists in various sized molecules of from 500 , 000 - 300 , 000 , 000 molecular weight , the proportion of small molecules increasing as the concentration decreases . 
4 . 
This protein is very unstable and is denatured by acidity greater than pH 5 . 0 , by temperature over 50 degrees C . for 5 minutes . 
It is digested by chymo - trypsin but not by trypsin . 
5 . 
The loss in activity by heat , acid , and chymo - trypsin digestion is roughly proportional to the amount of denatured protein formed under these conditions . 
6 . 
The rate of diffusion of the protein is the same as that of the active agent . 
7 . 
The rate of sedimentation of the protein is the same as that of the active agent . 
8 . 
The loss in activity when susceptible living or dead bacteria are added to a solution of the protein is proportional to the loss in protein from the solution . 
Non - susceptible bacteria remove neither protein nor activity . 
9 . 
The relative ultraviolet light absorption , as determined directly , agrees with that calculated from Gates ' inactivation experiments in the range of 2500 - 3000 A . u . but is somewhat greater in the range of 2000 - 2500 A . u . 
10 . 
Solubility determinations showed that most of the preparations contained at least two proteins , one being probably the denatured form of the other . 
Two preparations were obtained , however , which had about twice the specific activity of the earlier ones and which gave a solubility curve approximating that of a pure substance . 
11 . 
It is suggested that the formation of phage may be more simply explained by analogy with the autocatalytic formation of pepsin and trypsin than by analogy with the far more complicated system of living organisms . 
The presence of a renal bile fistula with escape of all bile into the urinary tract seriously impairs the capacity of an anemic dog to form new hemoglobin on standard diets . 
These bile fistula dogs will produce about one - half as much hemoglobin in anemia on standard diets as during earlier control periods without a bile fistula . 
Iron given by mouth to an anemic bile fistula dog will effect the production of about one - half the amount of new hemoglobin as in control periods . 
Iron given by vein to an anemic bile fistula dog will approximate the theoretical 100 per cent return of new hemoglobin . 
Obviously absorption is a very important factor in the utilization of iron by these dogs . 
The reaction to liver feeding is much like the reaction to iron feeding but we have no proof of inadequate protein digestion and absorption in these bile fistula dogs . 
In fact the uniform body weight and normal clinical state over periods of years speak for adequate absorption of protein digestion products . 
Evidence cited above supports our belief that inadequate hemoglobin production ( protein formation ) noted in these bile fistula dogs may be related to a disturbed liver function . 
From the experiments presented , it follows that the specific precipitation and the production of anaphylactic shock with certain azodyes , as described previously , is due to these substances themselves and is not dependent upon formation of azoproteins by interaction of the dyes with proteins in the test tube or the animal body . 
Besides these , some other azodyes which in our tests did not give precipitation with corresponding immune sera were also found , in very small quantities , to induce anaphylactic contraction of the uterus of sensitized guinea pigs . 
1 . 
The classification of fusobacteria into types , as suggested by Slanetz and Rettger on the basis of their cultural and biochemical characteristics , was confirmed . 
The following additional data are presented : the behavior of types I , II , and III in several previously untested carbohydrates ; the final pH in 1 per cent glucose broth ; the hydrolysis of starch ; the failure to decompose sodium hippurate and citrates ; the absence of pathogenicity for several types of experimental animals ; and the absence of fibrinolysin and of proteolytic enzymes . 
2 . 
By the use of a technic described in the text , it was possible to grow the anaerobic fusobacteria in mass cultures . 
3 . 
With the methods of Heidelberger and Kendall , immunologically type specific proteins were extracted from fusobacteria types I , II , and III . 
This observation , which is in a sense an extension of the work of Lancefield on Streptococcus hemolyticus , group A , represents the second instance of a bacterial protein functioning as a determinant of bacterial types . 
4 . 
Preliminary data indicate that group specificity depends upon a carbohydrate which is extractable by the methods of Heidelberger and Avery . 
Blood serum digested by trypsin yields split products which , when injected into the skin of normal rabbits , rapidly increase the permeability of small cutaneous vessels . 
This is likewise followed in the affected tissue by prompt local migration of polymorphonuclear leukocytes . 
The tryptic digest of blood serum can be purified by methods previously described ( 3 ) . 
The resulting crystalline substance alters the permeability of the capillary wall and favors local migration of leukocytes in a manner similar to leukotaxine proper . 
The present observations indicate that leukotaxine , or a substance having at least identical biological properties , appears to have been formed by proteolytic enzymatic action on an otherwise relatively inactive blood serum . 
This finding serves as additional evidence in support of the view that leukotaxine , recovered from inflammatory exudates , is probably an intermediary product of protein catabolism . 
There is present in inflammatory exudates a factor which induces a prompt increase in the permeability of normal capillaries . 
Its liberation and presence in exudates offers a reasonable explanation for the mechanism of increased permeability of small vessels in injured tissue . 
A method for the isolation and purification of this permeability factor has been described . 
In its essential features , this consists of treating the exudate with pyridine followed by acetone . 
After separation of the protein fractions further purification can be obtained by prolonged extraction with butyl alcohol or by subjecting the acetone supernatant fraction to low temperature ( - 20 degrees C . ) . 
The latter favors spontaneous separation of the active principle . 
The purified material is a crystalline doubly refractive nitrogenous substance . 
The factor is evidently not a protein , yet it contains amino and carboxyl groups . 
It gives a positive test for the presence of an indole nucleus in its structure ( Adamkiewicz test ) . 
The active material is dialyzable ; and it is precipitated by concentrated ammonium sulfate . 
The present evidence indicates that it is an intermediary breakdown product of protein metabolism , probably belonging to the group of relatively simple polypeptides . 
Further studies are being conducted in an endeavor to determine its precise chemical structure . 
The abnormally large values of the energy and the entropy of activation encountered in protein denaturations and enzyme destructions are illusory , since the customary method of calculating these quantities by the comparison of rates at constant p ( H ) alone is fallacious . 
This procedure includes , in addition to the true energy of activation , the heat of dissociation of all acidic equilibria involved in preparing the initial molecules for the kinetic step of activation . 
Steinhardt has shown by a simple and concrete mechanism that the kinetics of pepsin destruction obey the simple laws of chemical kinetics when correction is made for the preliminary acidic dissociation equilibria which are not part of the activation process . 
It has been shown that the standard anemic dog can use sheep , goose or dog hemoglobin when given by vein and return quantitatively its equivalent as new dog hemoglobin within the red cells . 
Globin at times can be used when given by vein with a quantitative return of new hemoglobin in red cells in these same anemic dogs . 
Again the administration of globin by vein will inhibit the expected hemoglobin formation ; and we believe the toxic effect of the globin is responsible . 
A digest of globin may be used by the anemic dog to form new hemoglobin . 
Globin from both horse and dog have been tested and seem to react in identical fashion . 
The globin radicle of hemoglobin appears to be an important limiting factor in abundant hemoglobin building in this type of anemia due to blood loss . 
Globin fed by mouth is well utilized to form new hemoglobin and we may record a 30 to 40 per cent utilization or a return of 30 to 40 gm . 
new hemoglobin from the feeding of 100 gm . 
This is to be compared with the utilization of liver protein - an average return of 13 gm . 
new hemoglobin for the feeding of 100 gm . 
liver protein . 
1 . 
In view of the markedly short period of gestation in the dog and in view of the relatively large litters that are cast and nursed , this species when compared with the human being undergoes a much greater physiological strain during pregnancy and lactation . 
This is evidenced by marked decreases in the hematocrit values , in total cell volumes and in the serum protein concentrations , by an appreciable plasma hydration , and in some cases by significant reductions in the total circulating serum protein . 
2 . 
When pregnant dogs are fed a protein - free diet at a high level of caloric intake and are subjected to our standardized plasmapheresis technique , it is possible to deplete the animal of its reserve serum protein stores and reduce the serum protein concentration to the basal level ( 3 . 5 to 4 . 2 per cent ) within the extremely short period of from 2 to 3 days . 
This indicates that the dog during pregnancy possesses a very limited amount of reserve serum protein . 
3 . 
Once the basal serum protein level is attained , the pregnant or lactating dog exhibits a marked impairment in its ability to regenerate serum protein . 
The synthesis of body proteins in the fetus during pregnancy and the milk proteins during lactation is considered to be actually an internal plasmapheresis , leading to a depletion of the serum protein by the preferential utilization of the materials from which this complex is made . 
These parasitic effects on the maternal organism are believed to be of primary importance , over and above any hydremia , in causing the lowered serum protein concentrations characteristic of pregnancy . 
1 . 
When the dog is subjected to quantitative plasmapheresis and fed appropriate " synthetic " artificial rations , it is possible to evaluate the ability of the organism to regenerate serum protein from both exogenous and endogenous sources . 
Approximately 44 per cent of the protein , casein , fed in excess of the minimal amount needed normally to meet the general nitrogen requirements , is utilized for the formation of new serum protein . 
Under our experimental conditions the dog can regenerate each week solely from endogenous sources approximately 0 . 6 gm . 
of this blood protein per kilo of optimal body weight . 
This is equivalent to about 21 per cent of the total amount of serum protein normally present in the plasma . 
2 . 
When the dog is fed an adequate protein diet and is subjected to a régime of prolonged intensive plasmapheresis ( period of 16 consecutive weeks ) , no impairment in the ability of the organism to regenerate serum protein from either exogenous or endogenous sources occurs . 
Under our conditions of experimentation the dog appears to be able to form each week an amount of the blood protein approximately equal to that normally present in the plasma . 
Because of this remarkable ability of the normal organism to regenerate rapidly serum protein over a relatively long period of time , it seems that loss of protein alone in conditions of Bright ' s disease cannot be the etiologic agent responsible for the persistence of the hypoproteinemia . 
An additional factor , the " specific " ability of such individuals to regenerate serum protein , must be taken into consideration . 
Horse serum , crystallized hemoglobin , and crystallized egg albumin have been injected into the lung alveoli of dogs in which the entrances of the right lymphatics have been tied and the thoracic duct cannulated . 
Samples of blood and lymph have been taken following this injection . 
Only after several hours in the case of the horse serum and hemoglobin have these proteins been detected by immunological methods and invariably they have appeared first in the blood . 
Egg albumin also enters the blood capillaries , but much more rapidly than the other two proteins , due probably to the smaller molecular size . 
The generally held view has been that in any immune serum only a single antibody would be induced by and react with a single antigen . 
Were this true the various manifestations of antibody activity should show a quantitative parallelism . 
It has already been shown ( 1 ) , however , that with antipneumococcus horse serum the mouse protective potency does not parallel the maximum amount of specifically precipitable protein except within certain well defined groups of antisera . 
The simplest explanation of this situation is that different horses form antibodies differing in specific protective capacity , but from our studies it seems probable that in any immune serum there may occur a mixture of antibodies which , while directed against the same antigen , possess different protective capacities , different avidities , etc . 
It would now appear that this latter hypothesis is the more tenable since the experiments here reported indicate the existence of antibodies of various protective potencies in horse antisera . 
It would not be unreasonable to hold that the antibodies of a single serum represent a series of substances with varying properties . 
On the basis of the present immunological fractionation experiments , the following deductions seem permissible . 
1 . 
Antipneumococcus horse sera must contain at least three , possibly many , antibody substances which react with the capsular polysaccharide . 
These are : ( a ) A substance which precipitates upon the addition of a relatively small amount of polysaccharide . 
This antibody possesses a low protective potency . 
( b ) A substance which is precipitated with intermediate amounts of polysaccharide and which possesses an extremely high protective value . 
( c ) A third substance which is precipitated only with the addition of relatively large amounts of polysaccharide . 
The protective value of this antibody is very low It may represent a degraded form . 
2 . 
With antipneumococcus rabbit serum the situation is somewhat simpler . 
This is in accord with the fact that with Type I antipneumococcus sera from this species there is a direct proportionality between the amount of specifically precipitable protein and the protective potency of the serum ( 1 ) . 
The results with antipneumococcus rabbit serum indicate the existence of at least two antibody substances : ( a ) An antibody with high protective value which makes up the greater proportion of the total content . 
( b ) A second substance which is precipitated only upon the addition of relatively large amounts of capsular polysaccharide . 
The existence of this second antibody is not clearly demonstrated by the present findings but the lower protective ratios obtained as greater amounts of antibody are removed probably indicate its existence . 
This may also represent degraded material . 
The observations on the antibodies of both horse and rabbit antisera will be supported by experiments with immunochemical fractionation which will be reported in a subsequent paper . 
The ability to carry out with some measure of precision mouse protection tests for the estimation of potency of antipneumococcus sera has made possible the correlation of the protective potency with the amount of specifically precipitable protein . 
With antipneumococcus rabbit sera these protective ratios are relatively constant and higher than those with immune horse serum . 
Type I antipneumococcus horse sera , on the other hand , show no such constancy but fall into two groups ; and there is as yet no simple method for determining to which group a serum belongs . 
It has been shown that by the cutaneous administration of simple chemical compounds in small quantities - 2 : 4 : 6 trinitrochlorobenzene ( picryl chloride ) and 2 : 4 dinitrochlorobenzene , the latter a typical incitant of contact dermatitis in man - it is possible to induce true anaphylactic sensitization in guinea pigs , demonstrable by the intravenous injection of protein conjugates and by the Dale technique , using isolated uterine horns . 
This furnishes strong evidence for the formation of antigenic conjugates following application of substances of simple chemical constitution . 
Since the anaphylactic state is induced by the same method of administration that gives rise to cutaneous sensitivity , the assumption would appear justified , when one takes into account the chemical properties of the inciting substances , that the formation of conjugated antigens offers an explanation for the skin effects also . 
In the experiments with picryl chloride , anaphylactic antibodies , and occasionally precipitins , have been demonstrated . 
The differences between the cutaneous and anaphylactic types of sensitivity are discussed . 
1 . 
Azoprotein antigens containing glucuronic and galacturonic acids give rise in rabbits to specific antibodies . 
The immune sera show no serological crossing with antigens containing glucose or galactose . 
2 . 
The galacturonic acid antigen reacts in antipneumococcus horse serum Type I in high dilutions . 
3 . 
Azoprotein antigens containing galacturonic acid , benzene sulfonic and carboxylic acids precipitate in antipneumococcus horse sera of various types but not in normal horse serum . 
The mechanism underlying these cross reactions is discussed . 
Changes were studied in the standard solubility curve of fresh serum proteins by alterations in pH , temperature , concentration of protein , and nature of the salt used for precipitation . 
The principal factor affecting the precipitation of protein fractions was a change in temperature . 
In order to investigate the proteins in their original states low temperatures are necessary . 
Protein fraction A is altered by a change in pH and with the use of ( NH ( 4 ) ) ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) as a precipitant , fraction B by a change in pH and temperature , and use of ( NH ( 4 ) ) ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) , C by a change in temperature and concentration of the protein , and D by a change in temperature and pH . 
The solubility of D is independent of the amount of protein in solution in high concentrations of salt . 
1 . 
Alkali ( pH 7 . 6 ) - denatured pepsins from swine , cattle , and guinea pigs precipitate in swine pepsin antiserum . 
Similarly treated pepsins from the rabbit , chicken , and shark do not . 
2 . 
Pepsin antisera react with both pepsin and pepsinogen , but do not react with the serum proteins from the homologous species . 
3 . 
Pepsinogen antisera react with pepsinogen , but not with twice crystallized pepsin , nor with the serum proteins from the homologous species . 
Positive reactions between activated pepsinogen and pepsinogen antiserum have been observed . 
It was possible to remove the reacting material from either the pepsinogen or the activated pepsinogen mixture . 
4 . 
Antisera made with serum proteins do not react with the homologous pepsin or pepsinogen . 
1 . 
Collodion membranes of high polarizability and low resistance can be obtained either by addition of certain ether - soluble substances such as phosphatides , olive oil , mastix , and gum benzoin , to the collodion or by drying collodion membranes for a limited time under pressure . 
2 . 
The permeability of membranes of different polarization has been measured by means of conductivity methods . 
3 . 
Sintered glass filter plates of Jena glass crucibles on which proteins and lipoids have been adsorbed show polarization . 
It could be shown that some narcotics which react with lecithin cause an increase in polarization of the protein - lipoid - glass system . 
Substitutions of the protein but not of the lipoid were possible , without causing a decrease in the polarizability of the membranes . 
Thoroughly washed elementary bodies of vaccinia were inactivated by sonic vibrations with a frequency of about 8900 cycles per second ; the inactivation was not accompanied by a disruption of the bodies . 
Adventitious substances , notably protein , prevented or hindered the inactivation . 
There is some evidence that oxidation might have played a rôle in the inactivation . 
1 . 
The factor responsible for the spreading property of testicle extracts was found to be soluble in water , in salt solution , and in acid media . 
It is relatively stable at high hydrogen ion concentrations , and it is not precipitated or inactivated by hydrochloric acid up to pH 2 . 0 . 
The spreading substance is not soluble in acetone , ether , alcohol , chloroform , or pyridine . 
It is inactivated by crystalline trypsin and pepsin at the optimum pH of action of these enzymes . 
It is not attacked by a crystallized carboxypolypeptidase . 
The substance does not pass semipermeable membranes which retain proteins . 
The color tests for proteins are positive . 
At least 14 . 2 per cent of the fraction isolated is nitrogen . 
Taken together these properties are strong evidence that the testicular factor is a protein . 
2 . 
A method for the preparation of the spreading factor in relatively pure form is presented and discussed . 
3 . 
In addition to the spread , concentrated solutions of the testicular factor are shown to produce a condition of the skin having the characters of edema . 
A study of the effect of overfeeding on the protein metabolism of man : The effect of superimposing raw and boiled milks on a diet adequate for maintenance . 
II . 
The superimposition , on a diet adequate for maintenance , of beef ( or soya flour ) + lactose + butter , equivalent in protein , carbohydrate and fat content to a litre of milk . 
1 . 
A description is given of the construction details and operation characteristics of an improved type of air - driven ultracentrifuge operating in vacuum and suitable for the determination of sedimentation constants of protein molecules . 
2 . 
The rotor of the centrifuge is made of a forged aluminum alloy ; it is oval in shape , measures 185 mm . 
at its greatest diameter , and weighs 3 , 430 gm . 
It carries a transparent cell located at a distance of 65 mm . 
from the axis of rotation and designed to accommodate a fluid column 15 mm . 
high . 
3 . 
The rotor has been run repeatedly over long periods at a speed of 60 , 000 R . P . M . , which corresponds to a centrifugal force of 260 , 000 times gravity in the center of the cell . 
At this speed no deformation of the rotor nor leakage of the cell has been observed . 
4 . 
The sharp definition of sedimentation photographs taken at high speed serves to indicate the absence of detectable vibrations in the centrifuge . 
5 . 
When a vacuum of less than 1 micron of mercury is maintained in the centrifuge chamber , the rise in the rotor temperature amounts to only 1 or 2 degrees C . after several hours ' run at high speed . 
6 . 
There has been no evidence of convection currents interfering with normal sedimentation of protein molecules in the centrifugal field . 
7 . 
A driving air pressure of about 18 pounds per square inch is sufficient to maintain the centrifuge at a steady speed of 60 , 000 R . P . M . 
With a driving pressure of 80 pounds per square inch , it can be accelerated to this speed in less than 20 minutes , and also brought to rest in about the same length of time by the application of the braking system . 
8 . 
The adaptation of Svedberg ' s optical systems to this centrifuge for photographically recording the movement of sedimentation boundaries is described . 
The glomerulonephritis induced in rats by nephrotoxin was characterized clinically during its initial phase by severe albuminuria , cylindruria , and anasarca , but not by hematuria . 
Rapidly fatal nephritis was produced by injecting relatively large amounts of anti - kidney serum at frequent intervals . 
In such cases the blood urea mounted rapidly ; the urea clearance fell ; and death occurred within about 2 weeks . 
A milder nephritis of the chronic type was induced by giving smaller quantities of anti - kidney serum in either single or divided doses . 
In these instances there was no immediate alteration of the urea clearance . 
Lipemia and plasma protein deficit appeared with the development of anasarca . 
The majority of rats which survived the initial stage of this experimental nephritis continued to show marked albuminuria with casts until they died or were sacrificed months later . 
Some of these animals showed retardation of growth and a progressive fall of the urea clearance . 
Terminally there developed marked retention of urea , plasma protein deficit , anemia , and hypertension . 
Catalase is resistant to oxidizing agents ; e . g . , ferricyanide . 
It is also resistant to reducing agents ; e . g . , catalytically activated hydrogen , hydrosulfite , ferrotartrate , cysteine . 
The hemin group of the enzyme will combine with cyanide , sulfides , nitric oxide , fluoride . 
It will not combine with carbon monoxide . 
Catalase is therefore a ferric complex . 
The stability of the ferric iron in the enzyme toward reducing agents is not due to the structure of the porphyrin with which it is combined . 
This porphyrin is the protoporphyrin of the blood pigment . 
In combination with globin ( methemoglobin ) the ferric iron is readily reduced by the same reagents which have no effect on catalase . 
The stability of the ferric iron in the enzyme is therefore due to the protein component . 
It may be that the type of hematin - protein linkage in catalase is the reason for this phenomenon . 
The suggestion of Bersin ( 31 ) , that sulfur may participate in this linkage , is interesting but , as yet , has no experimental basis . 
Hydrazine or pyridine and hydrosulfite convert catalase into hemochromogens containing ferrous iron . 
But in these hemochromogens the hematin is no longer attached to the protein . 
This has been replaced by the nitrogenous bases hydrazine and pyridine . 
Both hemochromogens combine reversibly with carbon monoxide . 
Photo - dissociation has only been demonstrated in the case of the pyridine hemochromogen . 
The positions of the absorption bands of catalase and its derivatives are listed in Table II . 
The main absorption band ( Soret ' s band ) of hemin complexes with nitrogenous substances ( nitrogen bases , proteins ) is situated at the border between the visible and the ultraviolet region of the spectrum . 
It has now been found that the spectrum of purified liver catalase has a well defined maximum of high extinction in this range , at 409 mmicro . 
This is further evidence for the hemin nature of the enzyme . 
Normal dogs and two Eck fistula dogs , receiving a daily diet containing an average of 1 gm . 
of vegetable protein per kilo of body weight , showed after average intervals of 7 to 9 weeks , slight decreases in amounts of circulating plasma protein ( Table 21 ) . 
A third Eck fistula dog under similar circumstances was unable to maintain its plasma protein concentration above the edema level . 
This dog by biopsy was shown to have an abnormal liver and the evidence indicated that the other organs were normal . 
The animal showed active thirst and diuresis as compared with controls ( Table 25 ) . 
This Eck fistula dog had less than one - tenth the capacity of the normal dog to form new plasma protein when various food proteins were added to the basal diet , and no significant quantitative differences in the relative potency of these foods ( liver , kidney , heart muscle , soy bean , salmon ) could be distinguished ( Table 22 ) . 
It appears that the liver abnormality is responsible for this abnormal reaction . 
This observation gives strong support to the thesis that the liver is actively concerned with fabrication of new plasma protein . 
When blood plasma proteins are depleted by bleeding , with return of washed red cells ( plasmapheresis ) , it is possible to bring dogs to a steady state of low plasma protein in the circulation and a uniform plasma protein production on a basal diet . 
Such dogs become test subjects by which the effect of various factors on plasma protein regeneration can be measured . 
Dogs previously the subjects of plasmapheresis , during long rest periods appear to increase their stores of plasma protein building materials and their blood plasma protein concentrations above former normal levels . 
A sterile abscess ( turpentine ) induces a marked reduction in plasma protein regeneration in these test dogs consuming an ample basal diet . 
The sharp reduction during the initial 24 hours may in part reflect an extravasation of plasma protein into the injured tissue but there also appears to develop a true disturbance of the mechanism which produces plasma proteins . 
Digestive disturbances interfere seriously with plasma protein production . 
Whereas large quantities of live yeast upset digestion and form no plasma protein , autoclaved yeast is well utilized , having a potency ratio of 4 . 4 . 
Amino acids have been tested inadequately . 
A mixture of cystine , glutamic acid , and glycine does seem to have a definite effect upon protein metabolism and plasma protein production . 
Iron , under the conditions of these experiments , does not influence the output of plasma proteins . 
Liver extract ( parenteral ) is also inert . 
The proteins of red blood cells when added to the diet are poorly utilized for plasma protein formation and show a potency ratio of only 10 . 1 . 
Kidney protein added to the kidney basal diet shows a potency ratio of about 5 as compared with 4 . 6 for that basal diet . 
A digest of beef stomach and rice polishings shows a potency ratio of about 7 . 9 . 
Dried powdered serum shows a potency ratio of 3 . 5 , which is much less than fresh serum ( 2 . 6 ) . 
Powdered thyroid fed in doses sufficient to accelerate body metabolism shows no distinct effect upon plasma protein production not attributable to the protein in the thyroid powder itself . 
Long periods ( 25 to 30 weeks ) of plasma depletion and basal diet intake remove much protein from body fluids and tissues . 
Associated with this protein depletion the dog loses its appetite and may vomit some food . 
There is loss of hair , a tendency to skin ulceration , and a distinct lowering of resistance to infection . 
The plasma protein output may fall to fasting levels in spite of food intake sufficient to maintain weight . 
We believe this condition to be a deficiency state related to severe depletion of the essential protein matrix of the body cells . 
Injection of sodium atoxyl - diazoamino - sulfoanthranilate into guinea pigs produces an anaphylactic hypersensitiveness to the corresponding azoprotein ( Schultz - Dale test ) . 
This leads to the conclusion that the injected sodium atoxyl - diazoamino - sulfoanthranilate first decomposes and then couples in vivo with the body protein to form the corresponding azoprotein and that therefore it is this compound , produced within the organism itself , which sensitizes . 
A high molecular weight crystalline protein , possessing the properties of ring spot virus and differing markedly from tobacco mosaic virus protein in its physical , chemical and serological properties , has been isolated by means of an ultracentrifuge from Turkish tobacco plants diseased with tobacco ring spot virus . 
Ultracentrifugal methods were also used to demonstrate that high molecular weight proteins are characteristic of other virus diseases . 
The concentration of the different virus proteins in the host was found to differ greatly . 
The quantity ultracentrifuge , used in conjunction with an analytical ultracentrifuge , has proven to be a powerful tool for the concentration , purification and crystallization of high molecular weight virus proteins and to be indispensable in the case of unstable viruses existing in low concentration in the host . 
A method has been described by which a stable , serologically active substance has been isolated in a relatively pure state from tissues infected with vaccine virus . 
It has the characteristics of an alcohol - soluble protein which is not precipitated by boiling in a neutral aqueous solution . 
In a dilution of 1 : 640 , 000 it gives a precipitate when mixed with a serum containing antibodies against Craigie ' s S antigen of vaccine virus , but no visible reaction occurs when it is mixed with serum depleted of S antibodies by means of absorption . 
In the presence of iodine at pH 5 . 0 - 6 . 0 a solution of pepsin absorbs iodine and the specific proteolytic activity of the solution decreases . 
The activity is less than 1 per cent of the original activity when the number of iodine atoms per mol of pepsin is 35 - 40 . 
If the pH is 4 . 5 or less , iodine reacts very slowly and there is a correspondingly slower loss in activity . 
Glycyl tyrosine reacts with iodine in a manner similar to pepsin . 
Experiments were performed to determine the extent to which oxidation of pepsin by iodine occurs during iodination , and if such oxidation were responsible for the loss in enzymatic activity . 
Although the results were not absolutely decisive , there seems to be no appreciable oxidation taking place during iodination and no relationship between the slight oxidation and loss in peptic activity . 
From a dialyzed preparation of completely iodinated pepsin which was inactive and contained 13 . 4 per cent bound iodine , 82 per cent of the iodine was obtained in a solution which analyzed as a solution of diiodo - tyrosine . 
Because of the presence of a material which contained no iodine and prevented quantitative crystallization , only 53 per cent of the iodine containing substance could be crystallized . 
This 53 per cent was , however , identified as diiodo - tyrosine . 
The part of the titration curve which in pepsin and most proteins represents the phenolic group of tyrosine was , in the curve for iodinated pepsin , shifted toward the acid region as expected . 
From these results , it appears that the loss in proteolytic activity of pepsin , when treated with iodine under the specified conditions , is due to the reaction of the iodine with the tyrosine in pepsin . 
1 . 
By the technique of quantitative plasmapheresis the effects of single proteins in artificial synthetic diets were studied with respect to their value in promoting the regeneration of serum protein . 
2 . 
The ratio of ( a ) the amount of serum protein per week removed by bleeding above that regenerated by the dog when eating the protein - free diet , to ( b ) the dietary protein increment ( i . e . , above that required for nitrogen equilibrium ) was termed the potency ratio . 
The results indicated that serum protein was slightly superior to casein and lactalbumin in promoting the regeneration of serum protein . 
However , the respective potency ratios , varying from approximately 0 . 51 to 0 . 36 , were comparable and not widely divergent as those reported by others . 
It was concluded that , whereas in some individuals dietary proteins may be able to produce a significant increase in the serum protein concentration , the potency ratios are not sufficiently different to warrant the administration of any one protein in preference to another . 
3 . 
The inhibitory effect of the basal protein - free diet with respect to serum protein regeneration in the dog was also demonstrated by the inability of the protein concentration to attain the normal level in spite of discontinued plasmapheresis . 
However , a subsequent fasting period resulted in a progressive rise in the serum protein concentration until the normal value was approximated . 
These observations are interpreted as indicating that the products of tissue protein catabolism can be utilized in the formation of new serum protein . 
4 . 
The experimental production of what seems to be an inhibition of the serum protein regenerating mechanism was described . 
This observation together with the hypothetical evidence presented by Bloomfield ( 17 ) and Weech and his associates ( 9 ) suggests that the most profitable line of approach to solution of the problem of hypoproteinemia lies not so much in the evaluation of dietary factors but in finding a way for stimulating internally the serum protein regenerating mechanism , which seems to involve in some manner the capacity of the tissue to furnish protein for the needs of the plasma . 
5 . 
A hypothesis explaining the mechanisms responsible for serum protein formation was presented and the experimental support for it discussed . 
The rôle of tissue protein catabolism in this function was emphasized . 
1 . 
From a consideration of previous work related to the problem of the influence of diet upon the regeneration of serum protein , a plan of study is described which eliminates the many variables shown to be operating in the studies conducted by these pioneer workers . 
2 . 
By the administration of a protein - free diet at a high level of caloric intake to the dog subjected to plasmapheresis during which one - fourth of the blood volume of the animal is withdrawn daily , it is possible to reduce the serum protein concentration to the basal level ( 3 . 5 to 4 . 2 per cent ) and to deplete the organism of its reserve stores of this protein within 1 week . 
The subsequent week has been demonstrated to be an equilibrium period . 
3 . 
The dog contains a reserve store of serum protein building material equivalent to about 30 to 40 per cent of the total amount normally present in the circulation . 
4 . 
When fed the protein - free diet and when subjected to quantitative plasmapheresis , whereby the basal level of the serum protein concentration is maintained constant , the dog is able in 1 week to regenerate approximately 20 to 30 per cent of the total amount of this blood protein normally present in the plasma . 
5 . 
The administration of a diet favorable for promoting the regeneration of serum protein requires approximately 4 to 5 days before a constant and maximal response to the dietary stimulus is obtained . 
Equilibrium data are yielded during the 2nd week , and these are employed in calculating the potency ratio of the dietary protein . 
1 . 
Specific precipitates resulting from the interaction of the homologous capsular polysaccharide and Type I antipneumococcus horse and rabbit sera have been analyzed by gasometric micro methods for total nitrogen , lipid nitrogen , and lipid carbon . 
2 . 
Lipid may , under certain conditions , form as much as 51 per cent or as little as 4 per cent by weight of specific precipitates . 
3 . 
The total lipid content of specific precipitates , within the range studied , is entirely independent of the protein content . 
4 . 
Lipid nitrogen forms a very small but detectable portion of the total nitrogen of precipitates . 
5 . 
The absolute lipid content of precipitates is a function of the concentration of lipid in the reacting mixture prior to precipitation , and seems to be governed by the laws of adsorption phenomena . 
Rabbits were sensitized by a single intravenous injection of horse serum 6 days prior to the experiments . 
In these rabbits there appeared hemorrhagic and necrotic reactions in sites of intradermal tests with horse serum when the tests were preceded by 1 hour , or followed 18 to 24 hours later by an intravenous injection of potent bacterial filtrates . 
The skin - preparatory and reacting potencies of the filtrates were titrated by means of the phenomenon of local skin reactivity to bacterial filtrate . 
The experiments demonstrated that the ability of bacterial filtrates to elicit reactions in the antigen injected sites in sensitized animals is strictly conditioned by their skin - preparatory potency and seems to be quite independent of their provocative potency . 
Combinations of animal protein antigens with homologous antisera , which are endowed with provocative potency but are totally devoid of skin - preparatory potency , fail to elicit reactions in antigen - injected sites . 
The various methods of elicitation of the phenomenon of local tissue reactivity are summarized and discussed in the text . 
In normal cells of Valonia the order of the apparent mobilities of the ions in the non - aqueous protoplasmic surface is K > Cl > Na . 
After treatment with 0 . 01 M guaiacol ( which does not injure the cell ) the order becomes Na > Cl > K . As it does not seem probable that such a reversal could occur with simple ions we may assume provisionally that in the protoplasmic surface we have to do with charged complexes of the type ( KX ( I ) ) ( + ) , ( KX ( II ) ) ( + ) , where X ( I ) and X ( II ) are elements or radicals , or with chemical compounds formed in the protoplasm . 
When 0 . 01 M guaiacol is added to sea water or to 0 . 6 M NaCl ( both at pH 6 . 4 , where the concentration of the guaiacol ion is negligible ) the P . D . 
of the cell changes ( after a short latent period ) from about 10 mv . 
negative to about 28 mv . 
positive and then slowly returns approximately to its original value ( Fig . 
1 , p . 14 ) . 
This appears to depend chiefly on changes in the apparent mobilities of organic ions in the protoplasm . 
The protoplasmic surface is capable of so much change that it does not seem probable that it is a monomolecular layer . 
It does not behave like a collodion nor a protein film since the apparent mobility of Na ( + ) can increase while that of K ( + ) is decreasing under the influence of guaiacol . 
Various types of inflammatory exudates have been obtained either by the introduction into normal tissues of a chemical irritant , or by a burn , or by bacteria in either dogs or rabbits . 
A study has also been made on an exudate of human origin . 
These exudates have all been found to contain a factor which induces prompt increase in the permeability of normal skin capillaries , demonstrable by the almost immediate accumulation from the circulation of trypan blue into areas of skin injected with the cell - free exudate . 
The active factor may be carried down with the precipitate resulting from the interaction of the exudate with either saturated ammonium sulfate or 20 per cent sodium sulfate . 
The active factor passes through a dialyzing membrane . 
It can be recovered from the dialysate as a protein - free crystalline material . 
The active factor manifests no property in common with histamine or presumably with the hypothetical H substance assumed to be closed related to histamine . 
This is indicated by the following considerations : ( a ) difference between the tissue staining pattern of the exudate or of its active fraction and that of histamine ; ( b ) opposite effects by histamine and the active factor found in exudates on the tonicity of the isolated strip of guinea pig intestine . 
The observations presented in this report do not substantiate Lewis ' hypothesis of histamine or of its closely related H substance as the primary cause of increased capillary permeability in inflammation . 
The present studies are being continued in an endeavor to free of its impurities and to identify the active crystalline - like material isolated from an inflammatory exudate . 
The details of this investigation will form the subject of a separate future communication . 
An experimental study has been made of the adsorption of purified egg albumin , from aqueous solution , on collodion membranes . 
At protein concentrations of 4 to 7 per cent apparent saturation values were obtained which resembled closely the results obtained with gelatin , showing a maximum at pH 5 . 0 and lower values on either side of this region . 
Over large ranges of protein concentration , however , the curves for the adsorption from solutions removed in either direction from the isoelectric point exhibited a different shape from the hyperbola obtained in the neighborhood of pH 5 . 0 . 
The addition of NaCl to solutions on the acid side tended to obliterate the effect of the pH difference ; on the alkaline side it greatly increased the adsorption . 
The adsorption at 25 degrees was about twice as great as that at 1 degrees . 
The theory of the swelling of submicroscopic particles , advanced to account for the adsorption behavior of gelatin , is not sufficient to explain the results obtained with egg albumin . 
It is suggested that the effect is related to alterations in the forces causing the retention of the protein on the membranes . 
1 . 
Artificial carbohydrate - protein antigens containing the azobenzylglycosides of glucose and glucuronic acid give rise in rabbits to antibodies which are distinct and immunologically specific . 
2 . 
The artificial antigen containing glucuronic acid reacts in high dilutions in antipneumococcus horse sera Types II , III , and VIII . 
The chemical basis for this serological activity is discussed . 
Evidence is presented that some viruses behave like proteins in that they are inactivated by proteolytic enzymes , whereas others prove more or less resistant . 
Ten strains of living Gram - negative bacteria resisted the action of purified trypsin and chymotrypsin , while the killed organisms were rapidly digested . 
Gram - positive bacteria , on the other hand , were resistant whether living or dead . 
The findings are discussed . 
1 . 
The absorption spectra of a number of proteins in the region 2500 to 3000 A . have been found to comprise from six to nine narrow bands . 
In consequence of variation in the relative intensity of these bands from protein to protein , the absorption curve has a characteristic configuration for each protein . 
2 . 
These bands correspond closely in position with the narrow bands which appear in the absorption spectra of tryptophan , tyrosin , and phenylalanine . 
Tryptophan and tyrosin each present three bands , phenylalanine shows nine . 
3 . 
The bands in the proteins are accordingly attributed to these amino acids . 
In the proteins the bands are displaced from the positions which they occupy in the uncombined amino acids , in most instances , by 10 to 35 A . toward longer wavelengths . 
4 . 
The absorption spectrum of Pneumococcus Type I antibody resembles that of normal pseudoglobulin but shows characteristic differences . 
The isoelectric point of normal red cells cannot be measured but is certainly lower than that of any plasma protein . 
Red cells are easily damaged so that they will adsorb proteins from low concentrations . 
Normal red cells do not adsorb protein even from concentrated solutions , as is evidenced by the finding that the ratio of the mobility of the cells to that of the proteins themselves is at least as high in concentrated casein , albumin , gelatin , or fibrinogen solutions as in dilute . 
The finding that the observed mobility of red cells is unchanged or only slightly decreased when bulk viscosity is increased by added protein is interpreted as indicating that the red cell surfaces are hydrated . 
The aggregating effect of certain proteins has been determined and is assumed to be due to their dehydrating effect on the cells . 
Some types of cells , as beef , are not aggregated , presumably because they are resistant to this dehydrating effect . 
The difference in the behavior of different types of red cells demonstrates the importance of the nature of the cell as well as of the medium in determining the rate of aggregation and therefore of sedimentation . 
1 . 
The relative synergic stimulating influence of anti - horse serum sensitivity , non - hemolytic streptococcal hyperergy and staphylotoxin intoxication have been determined in connection with rabbits ' reaction to simultaneous injections of lens extracts . 
These three synergic states are increasingly active in the order named . 
2 . 
Heterologous lens extract is a much more powerful antigen than is homologous lens , even under conditions where the reactivity of the immunized animal has been much enhanced . 
Sufficient coupling with any of five different diazo compounds eventually destroyed the reactivity of all the antisera here studied . 
The rates of inactivation varied considerably among the several antisera . 
By stopping the reaction at intervals , it was possible to prepare partially inactivated antibodies of peculiarly modified reactivity . 
Thus , the flocculating activity of diphtheria antitoxin with toxin was completely destroyed long before there was any demonstrable impairment of its protective titer in vivo . 
The first change induced in antipneumococcus horse sera was the apparently complete loss of reactivity with the capsular carbohydrate at a time when the agglutinating , animal - protecting and complement - fixing activity of the sera were only slightly affected . 
On further coupling , the sera no longer caused visible agglutination ; but aggregation of the serum - treated bacteria could be induced by centrifugation . 
Still further coupling destroyed all antibody activity . 
Rabbit antisera to egg albumen and horse serum no longer precipitated the homologous antigen after treatment with diazo compounds , probably due to their failure to combine with the antigen . 
The hemolytic , complement - fixing and lipoid - flocculating activity of coupled rabbit antisera to sheep red blood cells fell off in parallel ; the hemagglutinin seemed somewhat more resistant . 
The reagin of syphilitic serum was destroyed almost instantaneously by comparatively small amounts of diazo compounds . 
Finally , in the case of antityphoid agglutinin , the isoelectric point of the coupled antibody , measured on the surface of specifically sensitized bacteria , was found to shift from an original value of pH 4 . 7 to one of less than pH 2 . 7 as progressively more sulfanilic acid radicals added on to the antibody molecule . 
The groups in protein which participate in its reaction with diazo compounds probably include aliphatic amines , the imidazole ring of histidine , the indole group of tryptophane , the NH of proline and hydroxyproline and the phenyl group of tyrosine . 
Although it has been possible to modify antibodies chemically so that they combine with the corresponding antigens without causing their aggregation , the experiments here described furnish no indication as to which of these groups in antibody protein are primarily concerned in the antigen - antibody reaction , and which are responsible for the secondary flocculation . 
Such localization awaits the development of a technic for attacking individual groups in the protein molecule . 
1 . 
When myosin is exposed to a typical denaturing agent ( acid ) it becomes insoluble and its SH groups are activated . 
2 . 
The same number of active SH groups is found in the soluble myosin of resting muscle as in the insoluble myosin of muscle in rigor . 
No activation of SH groups accompanies the formation of insoluble protein in rigor . 
3 . 
When the insoluble myosin of muscle in rigor is treated with a denaturing agent its SH groups are activated . 
4 . 
Protein coagulation as brought about by denaturing agents ( heat , acid , alkali , alcohol , urea , salicylate , surface forces , ultraviolet light ) is a distinctly different change from the coagulation of myosin brought about by the unknown agent in muscle . 
1 . 
In the denatured proteins of skeletal muscle , the ratio of SH to S - S groups is higher than in the mixed denatured proteins of other tissues , with a single exception - the proteins of the crystalline lens . 
2 . 
The number of active SH groups in the proteins of minced muscle or in any of the protein fractions of muscle is only a fraction of the number found after the proteins have been treated with a denaturing agent . 
3 . 
The SH groups of the native proteins of muscle are activated by a rise in pH . 
4 . 
The relation between pH and number of active SH groups in the proteins of minced muscle and in the various protein fractions of muscle shows that little , if any , denatured protein is present in minced muscle . 
When blood plasma proteins are depleted by bleeding , with return of washed red cells ( plasmapheresis ) , it is possible to bring the dog to a steady state of low plasma protein in the circulation and a uniform plasma protein production on a basal diet . 
These dogs become test subjects by which the potency of various diet factors for plasma protein regeneration can be measured . 
Plant and grain proteins are quite well utilized to form new plasma protein in these test dogs but soy bean meal probably should be rated at the head of this list . 
It is utilized with unexpected promptness and favors the production of albumin in contrast to other plant proteins which distinctly favor globulin production . 
Long plasmapheresis periods on basal rations rich in grain proteins lower the resistance of these animals to infection . 
Spleen , brain , and stomach when fed with the basal diet in these test dogs show less favorable potency ratios - 10 . 2 , 11 . 8 , and 13 . 6 respectively . 
This means the grams of tissue protein which must be fed to produce 1 gm . 
of new plasma protein . 
Fasting periods indicate that the dog can contribute only 4 to 6 gm . 
of plasma protein each week - an insignificant contribution presumably derived from the host ' s tissue proteins . 
Infection and intoxication disturb the plasma protein production of these standardized dogs and may reduce the output of plasma proteins to very low levels in spite of considerable food intake . 
There may be a very sharp drop in the plasma protein level during the first day of intoxication ( Dog 33 - 324 ) . 
Some of these observations may be of value in a study of clinical conditions associated with hypoproteinemia . 
1 . 
Intact , unhydrolyzed proteins possess in addition to SH groups other reducing groups which can be oxidized by ferricyanide . 
2 . 
The activity of these reducing groups , like that of SH groups , is enhanced by denaturation of the protein and by increase of pH and temperature . 
3 . 
These groups differ from SH groups in the manner in which their activity is dependent on concentration of ferricyanide and time of contact with ferricyanide . 
4 . 
The activity of these groups is increased if protein SH groups are present . 
5 . 
The number and activity of these groups varies from protein to protein . 
6 . 
These groups are probably contained in the tyrosine and tryptophane components of proteins . 
7 . 
The significance of these reducing groups for an understanding of protein denaturation and the reducing properties of tissues is indicated . 
Hemoglobin and the proteins of the crystalline lens contain active SH groups while in the native state , the number of active groups increasing as the pH rises . 
All the SH groups of denatured globin and of the denatured lens proteins are active at a pH so low that practically none of the SH groups of native hemoglobin and of native lens protein are active . 
The effect of denaturation on the SH groups of a protein is to extend towards the acid side the pH range of their activity . 
It is possible to oxidize the iron - porphyrin and the SH groups of hemoglobin independently of each other . 
1 . 
In native egg albumin no SH groups are detectable , whereas in completely coagulated albumin as many groups are detectable as are found in the hydrolyzed protein . 
In egg albumin partially coagulated by heat the soluble fraction contains no detectable groups , and the insoluble fraction contains the number found after hydrolysis . 
2 . 
In the reversal of denaturation of serum albumin , when insoluble protein regains its solubility , S - S groups which have been detectable in the denatured protein , disappear . 
3 . 
When egg albumin coagulates at an air - water interface , all the SH groups in the molecule become detectable . 
4 . 
In egg albumin coagulated by irradiation with ultraviolet light , the same number of SH groups are detectable as in albumin coagulated by a typical denaturing agent . 
5 . 
When serum albumin is denatured by urea , there is no evidence that S - S groups appear before the protein loses its solubility . 
6 . 
Protein denaturation is a definite chemical reaction : different quantitative methods agree in estimates of the extent of denaturation , and the same changes are observed in the protein when it is denatured by different agents . 
A protein molecule is either native or denatured . 
The denaturation of some proteins can be reversed . 
That portion of horse and human serum globulin precipitated by 33 per cent saturation with ammonium sulfate and precipitated on subsequent dialysis was taken as euglobulin ; and the fraction precipitated between 33 and 50 per cent saturation and remaining in solution on subsequent dialysis was taken as pseudoglobulin . 
The sera of rabbits injected with either of these antigens gave precipitation with both . 
However , two distinct and fraction - specific antibodies could be demonstrated by absorbing the sera with the one antigen , and testing the supernatant fluid with the other . 
The experimental results are adequately explained on the basis that there are at least two antigenically distinct globulins in serum which we may term globulin I and globulin II and which are largely associated with so called euglobulin and pseudoglobulin respectively . 
The ordinary methods of salting out and dialysis do not effect complete separation and each globulin preparation contains a trace of the other antigen . 
The antisera to these euglobulin and pseudoglobulin preparations therefore contain antibodies to both antigens . 
Each protein solution precipitates all the antibody specific for the one antigen and in addition , by virtue of the trace of contaminating protein , precipitates a portion , and only a portion of the antibody specific for the other antigen . 
The fact that antisera to whole serum contain these same fraction - specific antibodies suggests that this immunological specificity is an inherent property of two globulins present as such in serum and is not an artifact induced by their precipitation and purification . 
Lipoids extracted from the globulins by ether , petroleum ether , and alcohol give no demonstrable reaction with antisera to these globulins ; antisera absorbed with a large excess of lipoid are not affected as regards their reactivity with the original protein ; and globulins extracted with ether and petroleum ether at room temperature are not affected as regards their reactivity with antisera . 
It is concluded that the immunological specificity of the globulin fractions as evidenced by the precipitation reaction is not determined by lipoids associated with the protein . 
1 . 
Carotenoids have been identified and their quantities measured in the eyes of several frog species . 
The combined pigment epithelium and choroid layer of an R . pipiens or esculenta eye contain about 1gamma of xanthophyll and about 4gamma of vitamin A . 
During light adaptation the xanthophyll content falls 10 to 20 per cent . 
2 . 
Light adapted retinas contain about 0 . 2 - 0 . 3 gamma of vitamin A alone . 
3 . 
Dark adapted retinas contain only a trace of vitamin A . 
The destruction of their visual purple with chloroform liberates a hitherto undescribed carotenoid , retinene . 
The bleaching of visual purple to visual yellow by light also liberates retinene . 
Free retinene is removed from the isolated retina by two thermal processes : reversion to visual purple and decomposition to colorless products , including vitamin A . 
This is the source of the vitamin A of the light adapted retina . 
4 . 
Isolated retinas which have been bleached and allowed to fade completely contain several times as much vitamin A as retinas from light adapted animals . 
The visual purple system therefore expends vitamin A and is dependent upon the diet for its replacement . 
5 . 
Visual purple behaves as a conjugated protein in which retinene is the prosthetic group . 
6 . 
Vitamin A is the precursor of visual purple as well as the product of its decomposition . 
The visual processes therefore constitute a cycle . 
Rabbits were immunized intravenously with intact indifferent streptococci , with homologous P fraction , and with an emulsion of mechanically ground cocci ; others were sensitized by intravenous injection of the intact microorganisms . 
Their serologic and dermal reactions to these materials and to the homologous S fraction were compared with those of normal animals . 
The dissociation , in certain instances , between circulating antibody and dermal reactivity was noteworthy . 
From the results the following conclusions were drawn . 
1 . 
Intradermal injection of a soluble streptococcal protein into a rabbit immunized intravenously with that protein leads to the immediate anaphylactic type of skin response ; while similar dermal testing of a rabbit sensitized by intracutaneous inoculation of the intact microorganism induces the delayed ( tuberculin ) type of response . 
2 . 
The induction of the immediate type of dermal reaction to streptococcal protein requires more than the mere presence of a high serum precipitin titer to that protein . 
3 . 
Lesions of the immediate type can be induced by the intradermal injection of a streptococcal carbohydrate into rabbits immunized intravenously with intact cocci and showing a high serum precipitin titer to that carbohydrate . 
4 . 
Intravenous immunization of rabbits with an emulsion of mechanically ground indifferent streptococci leads to the production of only non - type - specific antibodies . 
5 . 
It is possible that carbohydrate as well as protein fractions of indifferent streptococci are capable of eliciting the delayed type of dermal response in rabbits intracutaneously sensitized with that microorganism . 
1 . 
A group of dogs on a standard salmon bread diet with a slowly regenerating anemia were studied . 
The addition of liver to this diet during a 2 week period promoted a definitely greater regeneration of hemoglobin than did the addition of an amount of inorganic iron which was equivalent to that contained in the added liver . 
The more effective result attained with liver cannot , therefore , be attributed solely to the iron intake . 
2 . 
The greater response to liver is not due to its content of amino acids which are present in casein , since a diet containing an exactly similar amount of calories , iron and protein nitrogen , made up of inorganic iron and casein does not cause a greater response than that obtained by the addition of that amount of inorganic iron alone to the standard basal diet . 
3 . 
Furthermore , the salmon bread diet does not produce a deficiency of the amino acids represented in casein , since dogs eating the high protein ( casein ) Cowgill dog ration show the same basal hemoglobin regeneration rate and a similar greater response to liver than to inorganic iron . 
The Cowgill ration , however , supplies some non - ferrous factor involved in hemoglobin regeneration which is not contained , to as great a degree at least , in the salmon bread . 
4 . 
Whipple ' s chronic hemorrhagic anemia of dogs serves as an accurate assay method for measuring the hemoglobin producing power of a substance . 
Quantitatively reproducible responses can be obtained . 
1 . 
Pollen mother cells exposed to low dosages of x - rays at various stages show different frequencies of chromosome abnormalities in the first meiotic anaphase . 
2 . 
Maximum frequencies of abnormalities were obtained in buds irradiated in the pachytene stage of the meiotic prophase and in the preceding mitosis . 
3 . 
These results are taken to indicate that the x - ray - sensitive portions of the chromonemata are closely approximated in pairs in pachytene and in the early mitotic prophase . 
The significance of this in relation to non - homologous pairing is indicated . 
4 . 
From the nature of the chromosome configurations observed it is concluded that chromonemata are two - parted when they synapse and that a chromonematic division occurs between pachytene and anaphase and during the mitotic prophase . 
5 . 
The frequencies of abnormalities show a linear relationship to dosage . 
6 . 
The diameter of the sensitive volume of the chromonema is calculated and found to approximate the diameter of some known protein molecules . 
7 . 
The linkage mechanism is found to make up about 90 per cent of the total sensitive volume which corresponds with the approximate reduction in length of the chromonema from pachytene to anaphase . 
8 . 
The relation of these sensitive volumes to the gene is discussed . 
1 . 
A study of the mode of combination which takes place between certain amino acids , proteins , various carboxylic acids , and certain sulfonic acids and manganous ions to form complexes is reported . 
2 . 
Three criteria for complex formation were used : ( a ) the equilibrium between the substance under test and manganous ions dissolved in aqueous buffered solution and isonitrosoacetophenone dissolved in chloroform ; ( b ) the electrophoretic migration of manganese in the presence of the test substance with varying pH ; and ( c ) anomalous titration . 
3 . 
The following classes of substances were found to possess the necessary groupings to form manganese complexes : hydroxy - monocarboxylic acids ( lactic , gluconic ) , dicarboxylic acids ( oxalic , malonic ) , hydroxy - , di - and tricarboxylic acids ( citric , tartaric ) , dicarboxylic amino acids ( aspartic , glutamic ) , certain inorganic acids ( phosphoric , sulfuric ) , certain phosphoric acid - containing compounds ( nucleic , glycerophosphoric ) , certain aromatic enol sulfonic acids ( phenolsulfonic , catecholsulfonic ) , and certain proteins ( casein , edestin , gelatin ) . 
4 . 
A correlation between the amount of manganese bound by the several proteins and the free carboxyl and phosphoric acid groups has been made . 
5 . 
An explanation based on the residual charge of certain atoms is advanced for the manner in which divalent manganese may be united by the compounds studied . 
A non - splenectomized dog , on a vitamin - adequate basal diet , in the course of a plasmapheresis experiment , developed an uncontrollable anemia associated with the presence of bodies in or on the erythrocytes , indistinguishable from the descriptions of Bartonella canis . 
The normal plasma protein level of 7 . 3 per cent was reduced to 4 . 1 per cent by diet and the removal of 5354 ml . 
of whole blood in 33 bleedings . 
The Bartonella infection was transferred to a splenectomized dog by an intravenous injection of whole blood . 
Each animal was apparently sterilized by one injection of neoarsphenamine equivalent to 15 mg . per kilo weight . 
It is possible that the spleen liberates some substance into the blood stream which has an inhibitory effect upon a latent Bartonella infection and that this protective substance was diminished by the many bleedings associated with the lowering of plasma proteins in the non - splenectomized dog and was lacking in the inoculated splenectomized dog . 
1 . 
The enzyme which decomposes the capsular polysaccharide of Type III Pneumococcus is associated with a protein which under optimal conditions of filtration passes through membranes with an average pore size of 10 . 6 mmicro but is held back by pores having a diameter of 8 . 2 mmicro . 
2 . 
When enzyme solutions are filtered to dryness through membranes of such porosity as to hold back the active principle , and when proper precautions are taken to prevent or minimize adsorption , the enzyme can be completely recovered in solution by immersing the membrane in distilled water or physiological salt solution . 
3 . 
These results are discussed with reference to the dimensions of the enzyme particle , and to the purification obtained in the course of ultrafiltration . 
4 . 
A practical method is described for the concentration and purification of the crude enzyme preparation by the use of graded collodion membranes . 
1 . 
Azoproteins are shown to have the property of spreading when introduced intradermally into the rabbit skin . 
2 . 
The aromatic derivative selected for the coupling does not affect specifically the spreading property of the azoprotein . 
Likewise , the type of protein has no importance , except in quantitative respects . 
3 . 
The spreading property conferred upon a protein by coupling appears to derive from the presence of the azo group . 
4 . 
The spreading power of an azoprotein preparation seems to be determined by the number of diazo groups which enter the protein molecule , and to vary in direct proportion with the concentration of the solution . 
5 . 
Azo compounds of low molecular weight fail to exhibit any significant effect on skin permeability . 
1 . 
The skin lesions in rabbits and guinea pigs following intradermal injection of tubercle bacilli ( 5 strains ) were greatly increased in size and severity when testicle extract was added to the inoculum . 
Such enhancement was followed by a more widespread and rapidly progressing disease only when virulent strains were employed . 
2 . 
Attempts to suppress the development of skin lesions resulting from the injection of either normal or tuberculous rabbits with very small quantities of tubercle bacilli mixed with testicle extract were unsuccessful . 
3 . 
The skin reactions of tuberculous guinea pigs to tuberculo - protein MA 100 were greatly increased in size and markedly reduced in intensity by the addition of testicle extract to the protein solution . 
The toxic effect of larger quantities of tuberculo - protein was not altered by the addition of testicle extract . 
4 . 
The dispersion of tubercle bacilli through the skin of tuberculous rabbits resulted in a marked enhancement of the Koch phenomenon but was not followed by any extension of the new infection to the viscera . 
Tuberculous rabbits infected on two occasions with dead tubercle bacilli suspended in testicle extract showed an increased resistance to the disease when compared with controls receiving dead bacilli suspended in saline solution . 
5 . 
The resistance conferred upon tuberculous guinea pigs by superinfection was greatly increased when the bacilli employed were dispersed through the skin with testicle extract . 
6 . 
The parenteral administration of large quantities of testicle extract to recently infected guinea pigs did not result in any increase in the extent of the visceral lesions . 
7 . 
The partial immunity conferred upon guinea pigs and rabbits by vaccination with heat - killed tubercle bacilli was increased as a result of dispersion of the vaccine through the skin with testicle extract . 
1 . 
The carbohydrates derived from Staphylococcus are type specific . 
2 . 
The specific carbohydrates fail to induce formation of antibodies in rabbits . 
3 . 
Acetylation or adsorption of the carbohydrates on collodion particles does not render them antigenic . 
4 . 
The specific carbohydrates may be employed to elicit immediate , type specific , skin reactions in patients with Staphylococcus infection . 
5 . 
The protein of Staphylococcus is species specific . 
6 . 
The protein is antigenic and stimulates in rabbits species specific antibodies . 
7 . 
The protein causes in hypersensitive individuals a species specific , delayed , inflammatory skin reaction . 
1 . 
Experiments were carried out to test the hypothesis that there exists a special circulating fraction of plasma protein available for use by the tissues . 
2 . 
The changes in serum protein concentration after varying periods of fasting were followed in large numbers of individual rats . 
3 . 
Previous reports from this laboratory of a small initial drop in the total protein concentration of the serum , with subsequent maintenance of the serum protein at the new level are confirmed . 
4 . 
Evidence is offered that this initial fall involves chiefly or solely the albumin fraction . 
5 . 
The mechanism responsible for the observed initial drop and subsequent maintenance of the protein is not exactly known , but two definite factors are age and individual resistance . 
6 . 
It is concluded that no satisfactory evidence is available to support the hypothesis of a directly utilizable protein fraction in the blood . 
The manner in which edema develops in dogs maintained on a diet low in protein is described . 
Pre - edematous fullness of the tissues is observed for some weeks before palpable edema develops . 
The state of pre - edema does not merge gradually with that of true edema but rather the transition is relatively sudden . 
Among twenty dogs the time required for the production of edema varied from 35 to 100 days and averaged 61 days . 
With three animals in which the nitrogen metabolism was studied during the period before edema had developed , the observed loss of weight was consistently less than the theoretical loss of weight calculated from the negative nitrogen balance . 
Reasons are given for interpreting the discrepancy as evidence of increasing retention of fluid during the stage of pre - edema . 
In general the weight curve does not rise during the transition from pre - edema to edema . 
However , the weight does increase rapidly when fluid is accumulating in the peritoneal cavity . 
The level of serum albumin which is critical for the development of edema varied between 1 . 04 and 2 . 17 gm . 
per cent . 
The range is sufficiently wide to suggest the existence of other factors of importance in determining the exact time of appearance of edema . 
During the phase of recovery the level of albumin which is critical for the disappearance of edema may be appreciably higher than the level which was critical for the formation of edema . 
Among thirty samples of edema fluid the protein concentration was from 0 . 02 to 0 . 72 gm . 
per cent . 
The average protein level was 0 . 230 and the median level 0 . 165 gm . 
per cent . 
A positive correlation is not demonstrable between the duration of edema and the protein content of edema fluid . 
A difference in behavior toward fluid retention between subcutaneous tissue and peritoneal cavity is pointed out . 
Subcutaneous tissue is more resistant to acute stress and less resistant to prolonged or repeated stress than the peritoneal cavity . 
The rôle of tissue pressure in the etiology of edema is discussed . 
It is suggested that the critical level of protein in the serum is the concentration which permits the attainment in the tissue spaces of mechanical pressure great enough to break down the restraining action of the connective tissue boundaries of the spaces . 
The experiments recorded above show that in the case of antipneumococcus horse serum or purified antibody the arbitrary immunological procedure ( 37 degrees for 2 hours , overnight in the ice box ) does not permit either the establishment of a true equilibrium or the precipitation of the maximum amount of antibody nitrogen . 
Analyses of such horse sera for antibody content should therefore be carried out at 0 degrees and the determinations should be allowed to stand in the cold for at least 24 hours in order to insure the completion of the reaction . 
It is believed that the similarity of the nitrogen : S III ratios in the specific precipitate , whether obtained from whole serum or from purified antibody , and the failure of added serum to influence the amount of nitrogen precipitated show that the absolute chemical method for the estimation of antibody actually measures antibody and not antibody plus a more or less indefinite amount of non - specific protein . 
An objection to the use of the method is thus shown to be unfounded . 
1 . 
The effect of various percentages of protein ( casein ) in the diet on the serum protein concentration of the rat was studied . 
2 . 
With high protein rations ( 50 per cent or over ) there is no drop at all of serum protein concentration , even though the diet is otherwise poorly balanced and inadequate as evidenced by weight loss . 
3 . 
With protein rations under 20 per cent the serum protein concentration falls promptly to a level of about 5 . 25 - 5 . 50 gm . 
per cent , where it is maintained regardless of whether the diet contains 1 , 5 , or 10 per cent of protein . 
Further depletion of the blood colloid concentration seems to meet with resistance on the part of the body . 
Although calcium is essential for the formation of thrombin , it can be recovered quantitatively from formed horse thrombin without affecting its coagulating activity . 
Citrate also has no significant effect . 
As stated in the text , this does not exclude the possibility that thrombin is actually a calcium compound present in minute concentration ; but confirming the results of Hammarsten , it does show that fibrin cannot be a calcium - protein compound unless one assumes molecular weights for fibrinogen greater than 1 , 000 , 000 . 
Although the available experimental data concerning the properties of thrombin , the kinetics of its reaction with fibrinogen , and the quantitative relationships between the two do not allow a definite decision as to whether thrombin is an enzyme analogous to rennin , or whether it combines with fibrinogen to form an insoluble compound , fibrin , the weight of evidence does favor the enzyme theory . 
A given quantity of thrombin can form at least 200 times its weight of fibrin , and in view of the crudeness of the preparation this ratio is probably many times greater . 
There is no apparent stoichiometric relationship between thrombin and fibrinogen , and thrombin does not disappear from a mixture of the two until the moment of coagulation ; the quantity which then disappears is many times the minimal quantity necessary to form the amount of fibrin produced . 
A new crystalline protein , chymo - trypsinogen , has been isolated from acid extracts of fresh cattle pancreas . 
This protein is not an enzyme but is transformed by minute amounts of trypsin into an active proteolytic enzyme called chymo - trypsin . 
The chymo - trypsin has also been obtained in crystalline form . 
The chymo - trypsinogen cannot be activated by enterokinase , pepsin , inactive trypsin , or calcium chloride . 
There is an extremely slow spontaneous activation upon standing in solution . 
The activation of chymo - trypsinogen by trypsin follows the course of a monomolecular reaction the velocity constant of which is proportional to the trypsin concentration and independent of the chymotrypsinogen concentration . 
The rate of activation is a maximum at pH 7 . 0 - 8 . 0 . 
Activation is accompanied by an increase of six primary amino groups per mole but no split products could be found , indicating that the activation consists in an intramolecular rearrangement . 
There is a slight change in optical activity but no change in molecular weight . 
The physical and chemical properties of both proteins are constant through a series of fractional crystallizations . 
The activity of chymo - trypsin decreases in proportion to the destruction of the native protein by pepsin digestion or denaturation by heat or acid . 
Chymo - trypsin has powerful milk - clotting power but does not clot blood plasma and differs qualitatively in this respect from the crystalline trypsin previously reported . 
It hydrolyzes sturin , casein , gelatin , and hemoglobin more slowly than does crystalline trypsin but the hydrolysis of casein is carried much further . 
The hydrolysis takes place at different linkages from those attacked by trypsin . 
The optimum pH for the digestion of casein is about 8 . 0 - 9 . 0 . 
It does not hydrolyze any of a series of dipeptides or polypeptides tested . 
Several chemical and physical properties of both proteins have been determined . 
In this paper there are described methods for grading the local skin reactivity induced by bacterial filtrates . 
The grading is accomplished by titration of the skin - preparatory factors ; and by studies on the duration of ensuing reactivity . 
It was found that the duration of reactivity depends upon the mode of preparation of filtrates and the microorganisms employed . 
Thus , it lasts for 96 hours with meningococcus " agar washings " filtrates ; for 72 hours with B . typhosus " agar washings " filtrates ; it disappears within 48 hours with B . typhosus tryptic digest broth culture filtrate and B . typhosus " agar washings " filtrates previously heated in the Arnold sterilizer for 20 minutes . 
Comparative titrations of the preparations employed demonstrate that the duration of reactivity is in direct relationship to the reacting potency . 
It is also shown that the skin - preparatory potency of the filtrates and the duration of the ensuing local reactivity are not modified by cellular anaphylactic sensitization ( Arthus phenomenon ) to animal proteins . 
The exposure of tissues to the effect of certain soluble bacterial factors induces a high susceptibility to humoral toxic principles resulting from intravascular antigen - antibody interaction . 
1 . 
The concentration of protein in the serum and plasma of normal dogs is given . 
Analyses of serum from 38 animals yielded the following averages and standard deviations , ( a ) for albumin : 3 . 26 + / - 0 . 48 gm . 
per cent , ( b ) for globulin : 2 . 72 + / - 0 . 76 gm . 
per cent , and ( c ) for total protein : 5 . 98 + / - 0 . 67 gm . 
per cent . 
Analyses of plasma from 19 animals showed , ( a ) for albumin : 3 . 38 + / - 0 . 38 gm . 
per cent , ( b ) for globulin : 2 . 98 + / - 0 . 55 gm . 
per cent , and ( c ) for total protein : 6 . 36 + / - 0 . 71 gm . 
per cent . 
2 . 
A diet for dogs is described , the feeding of which results in a progressive decline in the concentration of protein in the serum . 
A composite curve constructed from the findings with 21 animals discloses a rapid initial fall and a slower subsequent decrease in albumin and total protein and an approximately constant level for globulin . 
The course of the globulin curve was subject to wide variation in separate experiments , both increases and decreases being recorded . 
3 . 
With five dogs the nitrogen balance was followed through a total of 42 metabolism periods of approximately 7 days each . 
The average daily loss of nitrogen was 1 . 15 gm . 
Approximate calculations disclose that only 3 or 4 per cent of the nitrogen eliminated is accounted for by the decline in circulating protein , the remainder being represented by loss from the tissues . 
4 . 
An episode is described with one dog when , during a period of self - imposed fasting , the serum albumin regenerated to a normal level , apparently at the expense of catabolized tissue protein . 
5 . 
The course of serum proteins is described during the recovery which follows interruption of the low protein diet and return to a regime of adequate feeding . 
6 . 
A discussion is given of the relationship between tissue proteins and plasma proteins . 
The data permit one to entertain the hope that a way will be found for stimulating an internal readjustment to provide temporary relief from hypoproteinemia , a way which will depend upon the potential ability of the tissues to provide sufficient protein for the needs of the plasma . 
Foreign plasma protein ( horse ) introduced parenterally into the protein fasting dog is not utilized in the body economy . 
Its fate appears to be disintegration and elimination as excess urinary nitrogen . 
This is totally different from the fate of dog plasma protein under similar conditions . 
Dog hemoglobin given parenterally to the protein fasting dog is not utilized as is dog plasma protein to keep the animal in nitrogen equilibrium but the globin is largely broken down and discarded as excess urinary nitrogen . 
A small part of the injected hemoglobin is probably utilized to maintain the red cell concentration in the blood at high levels . 
Dog plasma given parenterally in a protein fasting dog will maintain the dog in nitrogen equilibrium and there is no surplus nitrogen elimination in the after periods . 
It is apparent that the introduced plasma protein is utilized efficiently in body metabolism to replace or repair tissue protein . 
It is suggested that although this is an emergency reaction the same reactions may go on in normal internal metabolism . 
The observation that foreign plasma and dog hemoglobin cannot be utilized when given parenterally actually strengthens this last argument for a normal contribution from plasma proteins to body proteins . 
When blood plasma proteins are depleted by bleeding , with return of washed red cells ( plasmapheresis ) it is possible to bring the dog to a steady state of low plasma protein and uniform plasma protein production on a basal diet . 
Such dogs are excellent test subjects by which the potency of various diet factors for plasma protein regeneration can be measured . 
To regenerate plasma proteins in any significant amount the depleted dog requires food protein . 
Some proteins are very potent for new plasma protein production and others are utilized poorly . 
Beef serum is very potent and its proteins ( 2 . 6 gm . 
) will produce 1 gm . 
of new plasma protein in the depleted dog - a potency ratio of 2 . 6 . 
Kidney protein stands at the bottom of our list and the dog needs 21 gm . 
of kidney protein to regenerate 1 gm . 
of plasma protein - a potency ratio of 21 . 0 . 
Some grain proteins approximate the potency of beef serum and may show potency ratios of 2 . 7 to 4 . 6 . 
Some of these grain proteins appear to favor the production of globulin more than albumin in the plasma . 
Skeletal muscle , gizzard ( smooth muscle ) , lactalbumin and egg white fall into a favorable group with a potency ratio of 5 . 3 to 6 . 0 . 
Whole liver , liver fractions , casein , and beef heart are a little less potent and present potency ratios of 6 . 5 to 8 . 0 . 
Many of these food substances favor the production of albumin more than globulin . 
Pancreas and salmon muscle show less favorable potency ratios of 19 . 0 and 15 . 0 respectively . 
Fasting periods indicate that these depleted dogs can produce little if any new plasma protein . 
Iron feeding in some unexplained manner will influence body metabolism so that an excess of plasma protein will be produced . 
These observations have a bearing on clinical conditions associated with hypoproteinemia and give suggestions for diet aid or control in some of these abnormal states . 
The make - up of the diet is obviously of great interest and it is possible that protein combinations may be more potent than a single protein or that food potency ratios may differ in health and disease . 
The losses of sodium , potassium , chloride , nitrogen , and water following the administration of diuretin to rabbits over 5 to 9 day periods together with the changes in serum concentrations of sodium , chloride , N . P . N . , and total protein occurring simultaneously with these losses are described . 
The circumstances responsible for the presence of azotemia in the animals were investigated in particular and the dependence of nitrogen retention upon dehydration and the modification of this dependence by variation in urine volume were demonstrated . 
It was clearly shown that no direct relationship exists between the azotemia and the coincident hypochloremia . 
It was found that nitrogen retention can be removed by the administration of water without salt , and the extent to which serum electrolyte and protein concentrations can be lowered by this procedure was also observed . 
The withdrawal from the body of large amounts of potassium as well as of sodium and chloride following the administration of diuretin , and also the inefficacy of sodium chloride solution in preventing the potassium loss was demonstrated . 
1 . 
Methods have been described for reducing protein S - S groups , for oxidizing protein SH groups , and for estimating protein S - S and SH groups . 
2 . 
It has been found necessary in estimating the cystine content of proteins by the Folin - Marenzi method to take into account any cysteine that may be present . 
3 . 
A method for estimating the cysteine content of proteins has been described . 
4 . 
With these methods , estimations have been made of the S - S and SH groups and of the cystine and cysteine contents of a number of proteins . 
5 . 
In a denatured , but unhydrolyzed protein , the number of S - S and SH groups is equivalent to the quantity of cystine and cysteine found in the protein after hydrolysis . 
The fractionation of active chicken tumor extracts has been continued . 
1 . 
By a rapid method of dialysis the diffusible fraction of the treated extract , representing about 75 per cent of the solids , has been eliminated without reducing the tumor - producing activity . 
2 . 
Combined methods of fractionation have resulted in the elimination of as much as 95 per cent of the total solids of the extract as inactive constituents . 
Since there was some concomitant enhancement of the activity of the agent the results were equivalent to a 25 - fold concentration of it in terms of dry weight . 
3 . 
The chemical content of the undiffusible fraction has been determined in terms of total nitrogen , reducing substances , sulfur , phosphorus , and lipoids . 
4 . 
The evidence points to a protein and a phospholipoid as the principal constituents of the active residue . 
Further fractionation is being attempted with a view to connecting the tumor - producing activity with one of its remaining constituents . 
A brief description is given of the main physical and chemical characteristics of active chicken tumor extracts . 
By special methods constituents have been removed from the active solution : ( 1 ) the major part of the tumor - proteins , which are adsorbed on alumina gel and discarded ; ( 2 ) a carbohydrate , present in large amounts in the tumor extract , is eliminated by precipitation in combination with gelatin . 
In both cases the tumor principle is not directly affected and largely remains in active form in the solution . 
The results of the present study indicate that by means of serological reactions it is possible to differentiate selectively the p - aminophenol glycosides of maltose , cellobiose , gentiobiose , and lactose . 
The immunological specificity of disaccharide - protein antigens prepared from these derivatives , irrespective of the nature of the conjoined protein , is determined by ( 1 ) the glycoside molecule as a whole , ( 2 ) the configuration of the terminal hexose molecule , and ( 3 ) the position of linkage of the two hexose units in the carbohydrate radical . 
The specificity of the antibodies induced by the disaccharide antigens appears to be more sharply defined when the configuration of the terminal hexose is of the beta rather than of the alpha type . 
The objection by Bull to the estimation of bound water by ultrafiltration , because of an assumed adsorption of the reference substance , has been found invalid for glucose . 
No adsorption of glucose by the proteins , casein and gelatin , could be detected . 
The estimation of the bound water of proteins from the probable surface adsorption of water by proteins leads to only a small value . 
The fibrinolysin of hemolytic streptococci exerts no hydrolytic action upon casein , gelatin , or peptone . 
The action on solid human fibrin is characterized by a small and gradual increase in the amino nitrogen content of the solution . 
The specific and special enzymatic action of fibrinolysin is contrasted with trypsin and with streptococcal peptase ( 4 ) . 
Solutions of human fibrinogen , after brief incubation with fibrinolysin , lose the capacity to form fibrin . 
Solutions of rabbit fibrinogen , on the other hand , retain the property of transformation into fibrin , even after prolonged exposure to fibrinolysin . 
Qualitative tests , with solutions resulting from the action of streptococcal fibrinolysin on human fibrin , indicate that the end - product may be protein and that the degradation of the molecule is not great . 
THE ACTIVE FIBRINOLYTIC PRINCIPLE PRESENT IN CULTURES OF HEMOLYTIC STREPTOCOCCI CAN BE ISOLATED IN STABLE FORM , AND PARTIALLY PURIFIED BY THE FOLLOWING METHODS : 1 . 
Precipitation of culture filtrate with 3 volumes of 95 per cent ethyl alcohol . 
2 . 
Adsorption upon polyaluminum hydroxide B of Willstätter ( 5 ) followed by elution with M / 10 sodium phosphate buffer , pH 7 . 3 . 
Concentration can be best accomplished by vacuum dialysis ( 4 ) of either culture filtrates or preparations obtained by adsorption and elution . 
The streptococcal fibrinolysin is characterized by the following properties : 1 . 
It may resist heating to 100 degrees C . for 60 minutes ; variations in thermal resistance are described . 
2 . 
Partially purified preparations give positive tests for protein . 
Activity is rapidly and completely destroyed by trypsin or papain . 
3 . 
The active principle is demonstrable in dissolved fibrin even after 18 hours incubation . 
The chemical and immunological properties of the acetylated and unacetylated forms of the p - aminophenol beta - glucoside of glucose have been described . 
The serological specificity of these beta - glucosides in combination with protein has been correlated with known changes in chemical structure and has been compared with the immunological properties of the alpha - glucoside of the same hexose . 
1 . 
The experimental observations have been summarized at the end of an earlier section . 
The more important facts only will be recapitulated here . 
The capacity of the lymphatics for removing fluid from the tissues greatly exceeds the rate at which freshly formed tissue fluid can be made available for removal . 
Edematous regions can be rendered non - edematous by the application of measures , such as massage , passive motion , or normal exercise , which activate the lymphatics . 
During continuous activity the rate of lymph flow is first variable and later relatively constant . 
Constant rates of flow must correspond to the production of fresh lymph . 
A study of the constant rates indicates that lymph formation in the edematous animal is certainly only slightly greater , and possibly not greater at all , than under conditions of normality . 
When the protein of plasma decreases , the protein of lymph is also lowered . 
The loss of protein from lymph takes place at a faster rate than from plasma , so that the ratio of serum protein to lymph protein is greater in the edematous than in the normal animal . 
In edematous animals the concentration of protein in lymph is of the same order of magnitude as the concentration in edema fluids . 
The two fluids are not , however , identical in composition . 
Minor fluctuations in the protein content of lymph always occur during a period of continuous collection . 
2 . 
The factors involved in the circulation and accumulation of tissue fluid are discussed . 
Reasons are given for offering the following suggestions . 
Significant differences in tissue pressure or tension exist between the states resulting from quiescence and activation of the lymphatics . 
The differences give rise to variations in the relative areas of capillary wall , functioning for filtration and reabsorption . 
When the lymphatics are activated it is possible that capillary reabsorption may be completely in abeyance . 
A decline in the proteins of plasma may be associated with a diminished permeability of the capillaries . 
Such a lowering of capillary permeability would account for two features , both of which have been demonstrated : ( 1 ) failure to observe an appreciably increased rate of lymph formation in the edematous animal , and ( 2 ) the extremely low concentration of protein in lymph from edematous animals . 
Although the difference between the protein concentrations of edema fluid and lymph from the same region is small , the conclusion is not yet justified that a similarly small difference exists between normal tissue fluid and normal lymph . 
A soluble specific substance was isolated from Mexican typhus Rickettsia which gave , with Proteus X - 19 antiserum and typhus human serum , the same precipitation reactions as the polysaccharides extracted from B . proteus OX - 19 . 
The soluble specific substance extracted from Rickettsia and Proteus OX - 19 is likely to be of a polysaccharide nature owing to the strong Molisch reactions obtained with such extracts , the heat stability and the negative protein reactions ( biuret ) . 
Since , however , it still contains 7 per cent nitrogen , this is not certain . 
In the antigenic composition of both Proteus X - 19 and typhus Rickettsia there is a common soluble specific factor which is responsible for the Weil - Felix reaction . 
1 . 
An optimum of environmental temperature is to be expected for the utilization of food energy in warm blooded animals if their food intake is determined by their appetite . 
2 . 
Baby chicks were kept in groups of five chicks in a climatic cabinet at environmental temperatures of 21 degrees , 27 degrees , 32 degrees , 38 degrees , and 40 degrees C . during the period of 6 to 15 days of age . 
The intake of qualitatively complete food was determined by their appetite . 
Food intake , excretion , and respiratory exchange were measured . 
Control chicks from the same hatch as the experimental groups were raised in a brooder and were given the same food as the experimental chicks . 
The basal metabolism of each experimental group was determined from 24 to 36 hours without food at the age of 16 days . 
3 . 
The daily rate of growth increased with decreasing environmental temperature from 2 . 74 gm . 
at 40 degrees C . to 4 . 88 gm . 
at 21 degrees C . This was 4 . 2 to 6 . 5 per cent of their body weight . 
4 . 
The amount of food consumed increased in proportion to the decrease in temperature . 
5 . 
The availability of the food , used for birds instead of the digestibility and defined as See PDF for Structure showed an optimum at 38 degrees C . 6 . 
The CO ( 2 ) production increased from 2 . 95 liters CO ( 2 ) per day per chick at 40 degrees C . to 6 . 25 liters at 21 degrees C . Per unit of the 3 / 4 power of the body weight , 23 . 0 liters CO ( 2 ) per kilo ( 3 / 4 ) was produced at 40 degrees C . and 43 . 4 liters per kilo ( 3 / 4 ) at 21 degrees C . The CO ( 2 ) production per unit of 3 / 4 power of the weight increased at an average rate of approximately 1 per cent per day increase in age . 
The R . Q . 
was , on the average , 1 . 04 during the day and 0 . 92 during the night . 
7 . 
The net energy is calculated on the basis of C and N balances . 
A maximum of 11 . 8 Cal . 
net energy per chick per day was found at 32 degrees C . At 21 degrees C . only 6 . 9 Cal . 
net per day per chick was produced and at 40 degrees C . an average of 6 . 7 Cal . 
8 . 
The composition of the gained body substance changed according to the environmental temperature . 
The protein stored per gram increase in body weight varied from 0 . 217 to 0 . 266 gm . 
protein and seemed unrelated to the temperature . 
The amount of fat per gram gain in weight dropped from a maximum of 0 . 153 gm . 
at 32 degrees C . to 0 . 012 gm . 
at 21 degrees C . and an average of 0 . 107 gm . 
at 40 degrees C . The energy content per gram of gain in weight had its maximum of 2 . 95 Cal . 
per gm . 
at 38 degrees C . and its minimum of 1 . 41 Cal . 
per gm . 
at 21 degrees C . at which temperature the largest amount of water ( 0 . 763 gm . 
per gm . 
increase in body weight ) was stored . 
9 . 
The basal metabolism increased from an average of 60 Cal . 
per kilo ( 3 / 4 ) at an environmental temperature of 40 degrees C . to 128 Cal . 
per kilo ( 3 / 4 ) at 21 degrees C . No indication of a critical temperature was found . 
10 . 
The partial efficiency , i . e .  the increase in net energy per unit of the corresponding increase in food energy , seemed dependent on the environmental temperature , reaching a maximum of 72 per cent of the available energy at 38 degrees C . and decreasing to 57 per cent at 21 degrees C . and to an average of 60 per cent at 40 degrees C . 11 . 
The total efficiency , i . e .  the total net energy produced per unit of food energy taken in , was maximum ( 34 per cent of the available energy ) at 32 degrees C . , dropped to 16 per cent at 21 degrees C . , and to an average of 29 per cent at 40 degrees C . 
1 . 
Analyses were made of the K and HCO ( 3 ) content , the irritability , and weight change of isolated frog sartorius muscles after immersion for 5 hours in Ringer ' s solutions modified as to pH and potassium content . 
2 . 
At each pH a concentration of potassium in the solution was found which was in diffusion equilibrium with the potassium in the muscle . 
In greater concentrations potassium moved into the muscle against the concentration gradient and vice versa . 
3 . 
The greater the alkalinity of the solution the smaller the concentration of the potassium at equilibrium so that the product of the concentrations of OH and K in the solution at equilibrium tends to remain approximately constant . 
4 . 
The pH inside the muscle is approximately equal to that outside when first dissected but it tends to change during immersion so as to follow the changes in the pH of the solution . 
This finding is in direct conflict with the theory according to which the high potassium concentration inside should be accompanied by an equally high hydrogen ion concentration in relation to that outside . 
5 . 
The diffusion of potassium into the muscle makes its contents more alkaline but the increase in alkalinity is not always , nor usually , equivalent to the amount of potassium which has diffused and conversely , the pH inside can change in either direction according to the pH outside without there being any diffusion of potassium . 
Hence potassium is not the only penetrating ion . 
6 . 
The irritability of the muscles is at a maximum in concentrations of potassium which are greater than that in normal Ringer ' s solution , or about 20 mg . per cent potassium . 
This optimum does not seem to be a function of pH and is therefore not dependent upon the direction of movement of the potassium but probably on the ratio of potassium outside to that inside . 
7 . 
Swelling of the muscles occurs in solutions which injure the muscle so as to permit both cations and anions to enter without permitting the organic protein anions to escape . 
Anion impermeability is necessary to prevent this same osmotic swelling under normal conditions . 
8 . 
An increase in the CO ( 2 ) tension in muscle and solution causes a greater increase in acidity in the solution than in the muscle and leads to a loss of potassium . 
One expects therefore a potassium shift from tissues to blood comparable to the chlorine shift from plasma to corpuscles . 
Experiments are described which confirm the observation of Gonzalez and Armangué that heterogenetic extracts can be made antigenic by adsorption to inorganic materials . 
With fractions of the original extracts from which a part of inactive material had been removed no such enhancement was observed , whereas with foreign protein an activation was still possible . 
Carbohydrate preparations behaved similarly in that purification , perhaps loss of protein , was accompanied by a distinct decrease in antigenicity after adsorption . 
The activity of a but slightly antigenic heteroalbumose preparation was markedly increased after adsorption to charcoal and alum . 
The most reasonable explanation for the effects observed by Gonzalez and Armangué , and Zozaya , seems to be that a preexisting antigenic capacity has been enhanced by the use of adsorbents . 
The experiments reported here support the view that these effects are influenced significantly by the presence of substances other than those of a specific nature . 
1 . 
The rate of inactivation of crystalline trypsin solutions and the nature of the products formed during the inactivation at various pH at temperatures below 37 degrees C . have been studied . 
2 . 
The inactivation may be reversible or irreversible . 
Reversible inactivation is accompanied by the formation of reversibly denatured protein . 
This denatured protein exists in equilibrium with the native active protein and the equilibrium is shifted towards the denatured form by raising the temperature or by increasing the alkalinity . 
The decrease in the fraction of active enzyme present ( due to the formation of this reversibly denatured protein ) as the pH is increased from 8 . 0 to 12 . 0 accounts for the decrease in the rate of digestion of proteins by trypsin in this range of pH . 
3 . 
The loss of activity at high temperatures or in alkaline solutions , just described , is very rapid and is completely reversible for a short time only . 
If the solutions are allowed to stand the loss in activity becomes gradually irreversible and is accompanied by the appearance of various reaction products the nature of which depends upon the temperature and pH of the solution . 
4 . 
On the acid side of pH 2 . 0 the trypsin protein is changed to an inactive form which is irreversibly denatured by heat . 
The course of the reaction in this range is monomolecular and its velocity increases as the acidity increases . 
5 . 
From pH 2 . 0 to 9 . 0 trypsin protein is slowly hydrolyzed . 
The course of the inactivation in this range of pH is bimolecular and its velocity increases as the alkalinity increases to pH 10 . 0 and then decreases . 
As a result of these two reactions there is a point of maximum stability at about pH 2 . 3 . 
6 . 
On the alkaline side of pH 13 . 0 the reaction is similar to that in strong acid solution and consists in the formation of inactive protein . 
The course of the reaction is monomolecular and the velocity increases with increasing alkalinity . 
From pH 9 . 0 to 12 . 0 some hydrolysis takes place and some inactive protein is formed and the course of the reaction is represented by the sum of a bi - and monomolecular reaction . 
The rate of hydrolysis decreases as the solution becomes more alkaline than pH 10 . 0 while the rate of formation of inactive protein increases so that there is a second point at about pH 13 . 0 at which the rate of inactivation is a minimum . 
In general the decrease in activity under all these conditions is proportional to the decrease in the concentration of the trypsin protein . 
Equations have been derived which agree quantitatively with the various inactivation experiments . 
Large amounts of normal blood plasma can be given intravenously to normal dogs over several weeks without causing any significant escape by way of the urine . 
There appears to be no renal threshold for plasma protein even with high plasma protein concentration ( 9 . 7 per cent ) . 
Dogs receiving sugar by mouth and plasma by vein can be kept practically in nitrogen equilibrium and it would seem that the injected protein must be utilized by the body . 
If this can happen in this emergency we may suspect that normally there is a certain amount of " give and take " between body protein and plasma protein . 
Plasma protein fed by mouth under identical conditions shows the same general reaction as noted with plasma by vein but the urinary nitrogen is a little higher and suggests that the injected protein is utilized a little more completely to form new protein . 
The difference may be explained as due to deaminization in the case of protein by mouth . 
During fasting periods the blood plasma proteins are used up and the total circulating protein may even decrease to one - half the normal level . 
The plasma protein concentration changes but little and the significant change is a shrinkage of plasma volume . 
All these facts point to a dynamic equilibrium between tissue protein and plasma protein depending upon the physiological needs of the moment . 
In the absence of food protein the body can use material coming from one body protein to fabricate badly needed protein material of different character . 
When blood plasma proteins are depleted by bleeding and return of the washed red cells ( plasmapheresis ) the regeneration of new plasma proteins can be controlled at will by diet . 
The amount and character of protein intake is all important . 
Liver protein and casein are efficient proteins to promote rapid regeneration of plasma proteins but some vegetable proteins are also efficient . 
The blood plasma proteins are reduced by plasmapheresis close to the edema level ( 3 . 5 - 4 . 0 per cent ) and kept at this level by suitable exchanges almost daily . 
The amount of plasma protein removed is credited to the given diet period . 
A basal ration is used which is poor in vegetable protein ( potato ) and contains no animal protein . 
The dog on this ration can be kept in nitrogen balance but can produce only about 2 gm . 
plasma protein per kilo body weight per week . 
With liver or casein feeding this production can be increased three - or fourfold . 
A reserve of protein building material can be demonstrated in the normal dog when its plasma proteins are depleted . 
In the first 3 weeks of depletion this reserve in excess of the final basal output may amount to 3 - 20 gm . 
protein . 
This may be stored at least in part in the liver . 
As much as 50 per cent of this reserve may be albumin or albumin producing material . 
A reversal of the albumin - globulin ratio may be observed on the basal diet alone . 
The reversal will always follow plasmapheresis with the dog on the basal diet and the total plasma protein output will consist approximately of 2 parts globulin and 1 part albumin . 
Liver diet will raise the production and output of albumin and bring the ratio back toward normal . 
Albumin production may actually exceed the globulin output during liver diet periods . 
The change is less conspicuous with casein but in the same direction . 
The denaturation of hemoglobin by salicylate in neutral solution is completely reversible . 
There is a mobile equilibrium between native and denatured hemoglobin in neutral salicylate solution . 
The higher the salicylate concentration the greater is the percentage denaturation . 
When there is a mobile equilibrium between the native and denatured forms of a protein , denaturation is caused by the addition of any substance which has a greater affinity for the denatured than for the native form . 
Theoretically the heat of denaturation must vary with the denaturing agent and must depend on the heat of combination of the denaturing agent with the protein . 
1 . 
The gram molecular weight of a substance may be calculated from the osmotic pressure of its solution . 
2 . 
The radius of the hydrated molecule and , hence , the gram molecular volume of the hydrated solute may be determined from diffusion measurements . 
The hydration of the molecules may , therefore , be calculated from osmotic pressure and diffusion measurements . 
3 . 
Hydration may also be determined by viscosity measurements . 
Hydration of crystalline hemoglobin , crystalline trypsin , and gelatin have been determined by these methods and found to be as follows : See PDF for Structure . 
The assumption that , at the equivalence point in specific precipitin reactions , the antigen molecule is completely covered with a single layer of antibody - globulin molecules has been shown to account fairly well for the antibody - antigen ratios of some representative native single proteins , and the pneumococcus S III hapten . 
The alcohol - insoluble polysaccharides of gonococcus and meningococcus were found to contain 4 . 2 and 3 . 7 per cent nitrogen respectively , to be protein - free by chemical test , to reduce FehIing - Benedict solution only after hydrolysis . 
They were non - toxic for rabbits and mice , and failed to engender antibodies ( precipitins ) in rabbits . 
They produced no cutaneous reactions in normal , snuffle - free rabbits , but caused typical allergic reactions of the delayed type in rabbits rendered hypersensitive to these organisms . 
Both carbohydrates reacted in high dilution with Antipneumococcus Serum Type III . 
For comparison , carbohydrates were prepared also from Micrococcus catarrhalis , Streptococcus hemolyticus , Staphylococcus aureus , and a rough strain of pneumococcus . 
Methods of preparation and certain properties of the " nucleoproteins " of the following organisms are described : gonococcus , meningococcus , Micrococcus catarrhalis , R pneumococcus , Streptococcus hemolyticus , Staphylococcus aureus . 
No essential differences between the nucleoproteins and the intact cells of gonococcus and meningococcus were observed in their ability to engender immune substances ( precipitins ) , to induce bacterial allergy in rabbits , or to elicit cutaneous reactions ( of the delayed type ) in rabbits rendered hypersensitive to these organisms . 
Measured by their lethal action in mice , the toxicity of gonococcal and meningococcal nucleoproteins was found to be but slightly less than that of the intact cells . 
It seems probable , therefore , that the toxic action of these organisms is due , chiefly or entirely , to some constituent of the nucleoprotein fraction . 
Extraction with acetone and ether in the cold did not reduce appreciably the toxicity of these organisms and their nucleoproteins , nor alter their immunological behavior . 
Cross - precipitin reactions suggested that gonococcal nucleoprotein contains an antigenic factor in common with the non - encapsulated pneumococcus cell , and meningococcal nucleoprotein one in common with the capsular material of Pneumococcus Type III . 
Tryptic digestion destroys these antigenic factors , but not those responsible for the cross - reactions within the genus Neisseria . 
1 . 
Analyses for fat ( ether extract ) , protein ( N x 6 . 25 ) , sugar including glucose , crude fiber , and ash have been made on all stages of the germinating castor bean up to 250 mm . 
length of hypocotyl and root system . 
2 . 
There is a continual decrease in the amount of fat present in the whole germinating seedling , and a continual increase in the amount of sugar up to about 40 per cent ( dry weight ) at a hypocotyl length of 80 to 140 mm . , after which it decreases as crude fiber ( cellulose ) increases . 
The most rapid decrease in fat content coincides roughly with the most rapid increase of sugar . 
3 . 
The carbon balance between fat loss and carbohydrate ( including fiber ) gain is not at all close , except at the very beginning of growth . 
An undetermined residue occurs , which increases steadily along with the total carbohydrate and accounts for more and more of the carbon . 
4 . 
The protein content which in the ungerminated bean is about 26 per cent , at first falls a little and then rather steadily increases to reach nearly 35 per cent ( dry ) at the last stages studied . 
The most plausible explanation of this is the occurrence of more and more volatile substance which is lost in drying . 
5 . 
The ash increases irregularly but in the end shows about the same ratio of increase as the protein . 
6 . 
Respiration studies on several lots of these beans at different stages of germination exhibited the same low respiratory quotients as reported in Paper I . 
Comparing their composition at the end of the respiration period with that of corresponding stages when the period began , the chemical change can be compared with the respiratory exchange . 
7 . 
A trial balance of all the carbon changes including the respiratory carbon and protein carbon is not very satisfactory , because of our ignorance of the undetermined residue . 
8 . 
The respiratory quotient found can be accounted for quite satisfactorily on the assumption that two out of six molecules of ricinoleic acid are converted to cane sugar , one to cellulose , and three are oxidized . 
9 . 
The oxygen needed to produce the quantities of known carbohydrate found , added to that used for combustion , and the total subtracted from the observed loss from the respired air yields in two experiments a quantity which , combined with the excess carbon , suggests that the undetermined substance may be an oxidation product of pentose . 
Crystalline proteins , such as edestin or melon globulin , remove pepsin from solution . 
The pepsin protein is taken up as such and the quantity of protein taken up by the foreign protein is just equivalent to the peptic activity found in the complex . 
The formation of the complex depends on the pH and is at a maximum at pH 4 . 0 . 
An insoluble complex is formed and precipitates when pepsin and edestin solutions are mixed and the maximum precipitation is also at pH 4 . 0 . 
The composition of the precipitate varies with the relative quantity of pepsin and edestin . 
It contains a maximum quantity of pepsin when the ratio of pepsin to edestin is about 2 to 1 . 
This complex may consist of 75 per cent pepsin and have three - quarters of the activity of crystalline pepsin itself . 
The pepsin may be extracted from the complex by washing with cold N / 4 sulfuric acid . 
If the complex is dissolved in acid solution at about pH 2 . 0 the foreign protein is rapidly digested and the pepsin protein is left and may be isolated . 
The pepsin protein may be identified by its tyrosine plus tryptophane content , basic nitrogen content , crystalline form and specific activity . 
Inactive denatured trypsin changes into active native trypsin in the protein solutions which have been used to estimate tryptic activity . 
If the digestion mixture , however , is alkaline enough and contains enough urea this change does not take place . 
Such a digestion mixture can be used to estimate active native trypsin in the presence of inactive denatured trypsin . 
1 . 
The denaturation rate of partially dried crystallizable egg albumin is greatly decreased by decreasing its water content . 
2 . 
The temperature of denaturation , defined as the temperature at which half of the protein becomes insoluble in distilled water after a definite time of heating , is a linear function of the relative humidity with which the protein is in equilibrium . 
3 . 
By applying the Arrhenius equation it is shown that the rate of heat denaturation at a given temperature is an exponential function of the relative humidity . 
4 . 
The application of the observed relations to the analysis of the mechanism of thermal death of microorganisms is suggested . 
5 . 
The water content of native and heat - denatured egg albumin is determined as a function of the relative humidity of water vapor . 
It is shown that the heat - denatured modification takes up approximately 80 per cent as much water at all relative humidities as does native egg albumin . 
Two group - specific substances , one a polysaccharide and the other a protein , have been isolated from the meningococcus and their serological properties are described . 
A discussion of these substances , together with the type - specific fraction , is given , and a relationship of these substances to certain serological phenomena is suggested . 
1 . 
A vaccine prepared from partially defatted bovine tubercle bacilli influenced favorably the survival time after inoculation with living virulent bovine tubercle bacilli . 
2 . 
Accompanying this increased resistance was a sustained lymphocytosis in the vaccinated animals . 
3 . 
The vaccine induced a transitory anemia and leucopenia . 
4 . 
A similar preparation of partially defatted human tubercle bacilli possessed the power to sensitize guinea pigs to tuberculo - protein . 
1 . 
The preparation is described of a deep red protein dye , R - salt - azo - benzidine - azo - crystalline egg albumen , which contains no more than traces of protein with the original egg albumen specificity . 
2 . 
Based on previous publications of the writers , a quantitative method is given for the micro estimation of precipitin in the antisera to the dye . 
The method gives the actual weight of precipitin and may be applied to the determination of the maximum amount of precipitable antibody in any antiserum . 
3 . 
Data are given ( 1 ) on the influence of the period between the final injection and the bleeding on the precipitin content of rabbit antisera to the azo protein ; ( 2 ) on the magnitude of the antibody response following the injection of multiple doses of the antigen varying within wide limits ; ( 3 ) on the variations in the precipitin content of the sera of rabbits given successive courses of antigen injections ; and ( 4 ) on the stability of antisera stored in the cold . 
4 . 
Four antisera were obtained in which over 100 times as much precipitin was recovered as the amount of antigen injected . 
This supplements the growing mass of evidence against the theory that specific antigen fragments are actually incorporated into the antibody molecule . 
It is shown ( 1 ) that Valonia and Halicystis cells exhibit varying degrees of tolerance to injections of animal peptone , animal proteose , crystallized egg albumen , and diphtheria toxin ; ( 2 ) that Valonia cells display decreased tolerance to egg albumen in increasing dosages , although Halicystis is completely tolerant of the highest dosage used ; ( 3 ) that the mortality curves of Valonia injected with egg albumen and of both Valonia and Halicystis injected with diphtheria toxin show the delayed effect characteristic of laboratory mammals when treated similarly ; ( 4 ) that Valonia cells injected twice with egg albumen exhibit no change in susceptibility to its effects ; and ( 5 ) that neither species of algae gives evidence of having formed antibodies against the antigens used . 
From the results of these tests it is clear that both Halicystis and Valonia have a high degree of tolerance for animal peptone , and a very high degree of tolerance for animal proteose and for egg albumen . 
The products of bacterial growths fostered by these proteins have a deleterious effect upon both species of algae ; but , if it were possible to prevent bacterial growth entirely and at the same time supply proper food , it is probable that Halicystis and Valonia would show normal growth indefinitely in the presence of these three colloids . 
This is not true where exposure is made to yeast nucleic acid dissolved in sea water containing 0 . 00093 gm . 
per cc . 
of NaOH . 
Valonia is markedly less tolerant of this medium ( perhaps of NaOH rather than the colloid used ) than Halicystis . 
Such differential effects , however , reach a high point in the case of the solutions of diphtheria toxin and of edestin . 
Halicystis has a very high tolerance for diphtheria toxin , and Valonia a very low tolerance . 
In the case of edestin , the relationship is reversed . 
Here Halicystis has a very low tolerance , and Valonia a very high tolerance . 
In fact , it may be said that diphtheria toxin has no appreciable effect upon Halicystis , and edestin a very slight effect upon Valonia ; while diphtheria toxin is extremely toxic to Valonia , and edestin is extremely toxic to Halicystis . 
We can offer no suggestions , at present , as to the way in which these effects are produced . 
It is probable that the very thin protoplasmic layer of these species , which is certainly no thicker than 8micro , is sufficient to obstruct the passage of proteins having large molecules , like egg albumen , with a degree of efficiency that is extraordinary . 
In the tests we have reported , areas of from 20 sq . 
to 40 sq . 
have been submitted to the action of a relatively high concentration of egg albumen for several days without permitting the passage of sufficient amounts to give definable tests either with Spiegler ' s or with Tanret ' s method , - presumably less than 1 part in 250 , 000 . 
In the tests of the proteins having much smaller molecules ( though the size may not be the explanation ) , there is some probability that the membranes exhibit a little permeability . 
The peptone and the proteose of animal origin , or biuret - positive substances derived from them , apparently pass the protoplasmic membranes occasionally in quantities sufficient to give biuret tests . 
The most probable case of protein passage , however , was that of the proteose of the scarlet runner bean , where specific detection of less than 1 part per 80 , 000 was possible . 
In this instance the proteose appeared to pass membranes that were healthy and were functioning normally . 
But since the cells of the algae had to be destroyed in making the tests , one cannot maintain this point . 
All one can say is that protein passage was indicated in carefully examined cells of both species , where no breaks in the protoplasmic membrane were discernible , and where samples of the treated cells behaved normally after treatment . 
The diffusion coefficient of crystalline trypsin in 0 . 5 saturated magnesium sulfate at 5 degrees C . is 0 . 020 + / - 0 . 001 cm . 
( 2 ) per day , corresponding to a molecular radius of 2 . 6 x 10 ( - 7 ) cm . 
The rate of diffusion of the proteolytic activity is the same as that of the protein nitrogen , indicating that these two properties are held together in chemical combination and not in the form of an adsorption complex . 
The observations reported in this paper demonstrate that the intravascular interaction of bacterial and animal protein antigens with homologous antibodies at the site of a tissue made vulnerable by bacterial filtrates induces prompt severe hemorrhagic necrosis in this tissue . 
In the light of these observations there is offered an explanation of the mechanism underlying focal and skin bacterial hypersensitiveness . 
1 . 
Balance studies have been made on three dogs before and after adrenalectomy , performed in two stages . 
2 . 
It has been shown that the sodium concentration of the blood decreases in adrenalectomized dogs , as is true in patients suffering from Addison ' s disease and in cats experimentally adrenalectomized . 
3 . 
There are also decreases in the chloride and bicarbonate concentrations which together are approximately equivalent to the decrease in sodium . 
4 . 
An increase in the potassium concentration of the blood occurs after adrenalectomy , as reported in other studies . 
There is no obvious correlation of this change with changes in potassium balances . 
5 . 
The balance studies show a striking loss of sodium from the body during the development of adrenal insufficiency . 
This loss of Na results from an increased excretion of sodium in the urine and is not complicated by loss of base as a result of vomiting or diarrhea . 
6 . 
Following adrenalectomy , both the total amount of sodium and its concentration in the urine are markedly increased . 
This increase in concentration of sodium occurs in spite of an augmented urine volume . 
7 . 
The behavior of the chloride ion following adrenalectomy parallels that of the sodium ion , but the loss is not equivalent . 
8 . 
During the period of accumulation of non - protein nitrogen in the blood , the rate of water excretion by the kidney is even greater than before removal of the adrenal glands . 
9 . 
The possibility of a regulatory effect of the adrenal glands upon sodium metabolism and renal function has been discussed . 
Findings are described which amplify those of a preceding paper in showing that bacteria increased in volume when treated with specific agglutinin . 
When the increase in volume approximated 20 per cent all the bacteria were agglutinated . 
We have attempted to correlate the volumetric increase with the quantity of protein adsorbed by the organisms during agglutination and have studied not only bacteria but collodion particles first sensitized to antigen and then agglutinated with a precipitin specific for the antigen . 
The increase in volume of the collodion particles was small and the quantity of protein adsorbed relatively large . 
When two species of bacteria were agglutinated with their respective antisera the reverse was true ; the apparent volume increase was much greater than the quantity of protein deposited during the reaction . 
There is , then , no direct correlation between protein deposition and apparent increase in volume . 
Nevertheless , the results of experiments here reported have suggested an explanation for the fact of increase in volume . 
It has been found that the enzymatic digestion products of proteins cause a rapid proliferation of blood monocytes in vitro . 
Digestion mixtures having anywhere from 12 to 68 per cent of their nitrogen in the amino form possess this property . 
For continued proliferation , heparin plasma or serum must be repeatedly supplied with the digests . 
Without them , multiplication continues for only a few days , the coagulum in which the cells are embedded liquefies around the central fragment , and the cells disintegrate . 
The enzymatic digests exert a marked effect on the morphological appearance of the cells and finally cause them to agglutinate . 
The extent of this effect is determined by the degree of hydrolysis of the digest , its concentration , and the length of time the cells are cultivated in it . 
The morphological appearance of the cells is also somewhat influenced by the nature of the plasma or serum used with the digest . 
Digests having very little free amino nitrogen produce short , round , granular cells . 
Those more highly hydrolyzed produce large , long , slender forms . 
An increase in the concentration of the digest in the medium causes a shortening and broadening of the cell and an increase in its granulations . 
Therefore , even a highly hydrolyzed digest may , if concentrated , give cells resembling those in a lower concentration of a less hydrolyzed one . 
The digests have a cumulative effect on the cells , as the time of cultivation is extended . 
Therefore , cultivation for a long period in a dilute solution may give the same effect as a shorter time in a higher concentration . 
A different effect is obtained if plasma is used with the digest than if serum is used , even when the plasma and serum are taken from the same animal . 
The monocytes cultivated in serum and digest are generally shorter , broader , and more granular than those cultivated in heparin plasma and digest . 
They also contain more fat and have a greater tendency to digest the clot . 
Agglutination of the cells takes place more readily in highly hydrolyzed products than in those slightly hydrolyzed . 
It is hastened by increase in concentration of the digest in the medium . 
It occurs more readily at the periphery of the culture and sooner in serum and digest than in heparin plasma and digest . 
Completely hydrolyzed proteins and mixtures of pure amino acids do not produce effects at all comparable to those of the enzymatic digests either in their effect on the rate of cell proliferation or their action on the morphology of the cell . 
Arsenic pentoxide in dilutions from 1 : 20 , 000 to 1 : 80 , 000 is the only other agent known to bring about agglutinations of the monocytes when cultivated in vitro . 
The early changes in the morphological appearance of the cell that are produced by these digests are reversible . 
When the digests are removed from the medium and the cells cultivated in plasma and Tyrode solution , they very gradually revert to their original form . 
1 . 
A method was found whereby the development of gastric retention could be studied in intact animals without the necessity of recourse to the use of x - rays . 
2 . 
Gastric retention was found to develop as a result of protein restriction in 7 out of 10 rats studied . 
Such retention could again be cleared up with protein realimentation or by allowing the animals free choice of protein , fat and carbohydrate . 
3 . 
A diet high in protein following periods of undernutrition or prolonged protein restriction usually gave rise to a transient gastric retention . 
4 . 
Diets with a solution of 25 per cent or more of alcohol added promptly gave rise to gastric retention in rats even when the protein content of the diet was adequate . 
5 . 
Evidence is given indicating that the gastric retention which occurred in this study involved more or less pylorospasm and the possible influence of mechanical and chemical irritation and of changes in gastric mucin and bile flow upon the development of pylorospasm are discussed . 
6 . 
Spira ' s theory that fat in the diet gives rise to pylorospasm and ulceration is not supported by the results of our experiments . 
1 . 
Calculations from the Fick diffusion law are shown to predict that membrane equilibria should be established during the course of ultrafiltration . 
2 . 
It is shown that the chloride ion is more concentrated and the sodium ion less concentrated in the ultrafiltrate than in the plasma from which the ultrafiltrate was derived . 
3 . 
It has been found that by increasing the base bound by protein through a reduction in the bicarbonate content the difference between the plasma concentration and the ultrafiltrate concentration for the several ions studied increases . 
4 . 
Calculations from the Donnan equation as to the magnitude of the change in base bound by protein at differing hydrogen ion concentrations are in substantial agreement with the observed values , thus rendering it probable that the membrane equilibrium effect is responsible for the change in distribution ratios observed . 
5 . 
It is pointed out that the observed difference in the distribution ratio of cations from that of the chloride anion is probably to be explained by the influence of protein in lowering the activity coefficient of cations when on the alkaline side of the isoelectric point . 
6 . 
It is pointed out that account must be taken of these observations in any consideration of the rôle of ultrafiltration in the production of any secretion or body fluid . 
1 . 
A method has been described for isolating a crystalline protein with high proteolytic activity from bovine gastric juice by means of precipitation with magnesium sulfate and fractionation of the precipitate with acetone and magnesium sulfate . 
2 . 
The crystalline protein obtained in this way has the same crystalline form , optical activity , and specific activity , as determined by a number of methods , as does the crystalline protein previously isolated from swine gastric mucosa . 
3 . 
The solubility of the two preparations , however , is additive so that they are different although very closely related proteins . 
By assuming that the electric charge of proteins is primarily determined by the hydrogen ion activity of the medium , and by making corrections when necessary for the effect of salt , it is possible to derive a simple relationship between the electric mobility of proteins and the effective reciprocal thickness of the electric double layer . 
The decrease in electric mobility of proteins in solutions is readily predicted for gelatin in acetate buffers and for egg albumin in the presence of the alkali halides , of acetate buffers , and of hydrochloric acid on the basis of the assumptions made . 
1 . 
Data are presented showing that precipitin tests can be used for the detection of the proteins contained in egg white and horse serum in the blood stream and thoracic duct lymph following injection into the knee joints of normal dogs . 
The sera of rabbits immunized against the particular protein employed were used in doing the precipitin tests . 
2 . 
Egg white is removed only by way of the lymphatics , appearing more rapidly if the leg muscles are massaged . 
The removal is even greater from passively exercised joints . 
3 . 
Horse serum albumin is readily removed from a normal dog ' s knee joint by way of the lymphatics alone and with greater rapidity from a passively exercised joint . 
Horse serum globulin escapes from normal joints with great difficulty , if at all , and therefore does not readily gain entrance into the underlying lymphatic capillaries . 
4 . 
The molecular size of a protein readily gaining egress from a joint through the lymphatics is thus defined . 
5 . 
The relative sizes of the albumin and globulin molecules contained in horse serum are confirmed by in vivo experiments . 
6 . 
The lymphatic system is the essential apparatus for the removal of protein from joints , and any interference with this drainage should promote the formation of intraarticular effusion . 
The data presented suggest that a simple clinical test for determining the efficiency of the lymphatics draining a single joint can be devised . 
1 . 
Solutions of the globulin fraction of alkaline extracts of the anterior lobe of beef pituitary glands , when administered intraperitoneally or subcutaneously to dogs for 1 or 2 days , greatly increase the nitrogen balance . 
Urine nitrogen falls markedly , and at the same time blood non - protein nitrogen decreases , while the nitrogen of the feces remains the same . 
2 . 
The nitrogen gained may either be retained or lost again , indicating that it may be converted into reserve protein rather than into permanent structures . 
Sudden gains in weight which follow the injections are always lost again . 
3 . 
The effect of the extracts on protein catabolism is greatest when this is high , as in adult dogs having a negligible positive nitrogen balance , or a negative balance , while consuming a high protein diet adequate in calories . 
4 . 
Both the fall in nitrogen excretion , and the subsequent rise , when the latter occurs , are due to changes in urea excretion . 
5 . 
Other results of the brief treatments are : great increases in water intake and urine volume , marked thirst , slight rise in temperature , and a remarkable increase in heat production effected by oxidation of fat . 
Mature female dogs were used , and in one of these lactation occurred after some of the injections . 
1 . 
The electrophoretic velocities of gelatin - , egg - albumin - , and gliadin - covered quartz particles in various alcohol - water solutions are , within the limits employed in usual experimental procedures , proportional to the field strength . 
2 . 
The electrophoretic mobilities of small , irregularly shaped quartz particles covered with an adsorbed film of protein in alcohol - water solutions are equal to the electroosmotic mobilities of the liquid past similarly coated flat surfaces . 
Hence the size and shape of such particles does not influence their mobilities , which depend entirely on the protein film . 
3 . 
The corrected mobility and hence presumably the charge of gelatin - covered quartz particles in solutions containing 35 per cent ethyl alcohol is proportional to the combining power of the gelatin ; therefore the gelatin is adsorbed with the active groups oriented toward the liquid . 
The same is true in 60 per cent alcohol . 
4 . 
The charge calculated by means of the Debye - Henry approximation from the mobility of gelatin in solutions containing up to 35 per cent ethyl alcohol is , in the neighborhood of the isoelectric point , proportional to the combining power of the gelatin . 
Therefore the dielectric constant and the viscosity of the bulk of the medium may be used in the Debye - Henry approximation Q = 6 pi eta r v ( m ) ( 1 + kappa r ) to predict changes in charge from mobility . 
5 . 
In the neighborhood of the isoelectric point gelatin is probably completely ionized in buffered ethyl alcohol - water mixtures up to 60 per cent alcohol . 
6 . 
In the presence of ethyl alcohol the isoelectric point of gelatin is shifted toward smaller hydrogen ion activities . 
This shift , like that caused by alcohol in the isoelectric points of certain amino acids , is approximately linearly related to the dielectric constant of the medium . 
1 . 
The blood chemistry of normal adult rats and of splenectomized adult rats suffering with Bartonella muris anemia has been studied . 
2 . 
Non - protein nitrogen rises with the increase in severity of the anemia . 
Total serum proteins , serum albumin and serum globulin decrease slightly . 
Uric acid remains unchanged . 
3 . 
Serum chloride concentration remains unchanged , but the concentration of chlorides in the blood increases . 
4 . 
An acidosis as estimated by the carbon dioxide - combining capacity of the blood is observed at the height of the infection . 
5 . 
The blood sugar decreases and the liver glycogen is depleted in rats with a hemoglobin content of the blood of 10 per cent . 
6 . 
Total fats and fatty acids are increased at the height of the anemia . 
Total cholesterol , the lipoid phosphorus and lecithin are diminished in amount . 
7 . 
These changes result from the infection or the anemia . 
Splenectomy itself plays no part in the changes observed in the chemical constituents of the blood in Bartonella muris anemia of adult albino rats . 
A simple micro motion picture apparatus has been developed which is so inexpensive to construct and to operate that it can be used regularly for bacteriological research . 
With this equipment about 6000 feet of film representing 600 hours of photography have been made of B . shigae growing upon various solid media . 
These pictures illustrate the principal phenomena accompanying the development of this organism on ordinary nutrient media , on media consisting exclusively of either peptones or proteins , and on media containing small amounts of LiCl . 
Information has thus been gained concerning the existence of a life cycle in the Shiga bacillus and concerning its filterability through Berkefeld filters . 
The formation and history of the various " life cycle forms " are recorded but the evidence does not point to them as phases of actual cycles . 
In " filterable " B . shigae cultures - such as those grown in the so - called " K " broth or in lithium chloride - containing media - many small and short rods are present . 
It has been found that these dwarfed organisms pass through filters impervious to the cells of rapidly growing normal cultures . 
This offers a simple explanation of " quick reversions . 
" The present experiments do not provide conclusive information concerning the slower reversions which are supposed to occur only after many days of treatment and incubation . 
The experiments of the preceding communication showed that the therapeutic action of antipneumococcic serum depends to a considerable extent upon a certain non - antibacterial factor . 
The experiments reported in the present communication had two main objects ; the first was to determine the distribution of the non - antibacterial factor among the various protein fractions of the serum , and incidentally to correlate this property of the factor with that of certain known antibodies , as well as to learn whether or not the protein fractions commonly excluded from refined preparations of antipneumococcic serum , have any therapeutic value ; the second was to determine the rôle of the non - antibacterial factor in the therapy of pneumococcus infection , as exemplified by the experimental , dermal , pneumococcus infection in rabbits . 
To determine the distribution of the non - antibacterial factor , Type I antipneumococcic serum was fractionated with ( NH ( 4 ) ) ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) , and the antibacterial bodies were absorbed by concentrated suspensions of heat - killed pneumococci . 
The activity of the non - antibacterial factor in the different protein fractions was then tested for by adding varying amounts of the absorbed supernatant liquids to a certain constant , subeffective dose of serum . 
Even though the method of titration has certain inherent faults it was possible to ascertain that the non - antibacterial factor was apparently associated with all the globulin fractions to a similar degree , and to a certain extent with the albumen as well . 
In this respect the non - antibacterial factor resembles neither the antibacterial bodies of antipneumococcic serum , nor , for example , the known diphtheria or tetanus antitoxins . 
The determination of the relative importance of the antibacterial and non - antibacterial factors in the therapy of pneumococcus infection in rabbits , was rendered possible by the fact that the various globulin fractions differ in their relative content of the two factors . 
Thus whereas the water - insoluble fraction of the globulin , precipitated when the saturation of ( NH ( 4 ) ) ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) is raised from 30 per cent to 50 per cent , contains about 90 per cent of the antibacterial ( mouse protective ) bodies , it apparently contains no more of the non - antibacterial factor than the water - soluble fraction . 
The minimal effective doses as well as the mouse protective unit content of the different fractions were determined . 
Before the tests were performed , it seemed that if the therapeutic effect of a given dose were to depend chiefly upon its content of mouse protective antibody , the amounts required for 1 M . E . D . 
would be determined by the number of mouse protective units it contained ; on the other hand , if it depended primarily on the non - antibacterial factor , one would expect the amounts required for 1 M . E . D . 
to be of approximately the same volume . 
Actually the therapeutic effect was found not to depend entirely upon either factor , alone ; the M . E . D . 
' s varied both in volume and m . p . u . 
content , the absolute concentration of either factor being inconstant and almost proportional to the relative concentration of the other . 
Thus a relative abundance of non - antibacterial factor made up for a scarcity of mouse protective antibody ( as in the water - soluble globulin ) , and vice versa ( as in the water - insoluble globulin ) . 
It appears , therefore , that when a relatively larger amount of antibacterial bodies are acting , less of the non - antibacterial factor is necessary ; conversely , when more of the non - antibacterial factor is available , less of the antibacterial bodies are necessary . 
The last experiment dealt with the practical question as to whether any protein fraction or combination of fractions is as good a therapeutic agent as the whole , unrefined serum from which it was derived . 
Two considerations were in mind in making the comparison ; one had to do with the quantitative recovery of potency , the other with the qualitative effect of the various fractions as regards the lesion , course , and duration of the experimental disease . 
The results may be summarized as follows : ( a ) the total globulin was not only as good , but in this instance , definitely better than the original serum ; ( b ) the total water - insoluble globulin , although almost as potent as the original serum , was qualitatively and quantitatively less effective than the total globulin ; ( c ) the removal of the 30 per cent ( NH ( 4 ) ) ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) fraction not only diminished the potency of the remaining globulin to a considerable extent ( at least 25 per cent ) , but also seems to have disturbed a certain equilibrium , which resulted in an undesirable zone phenomenon . 
As a result of this zone phenomenon , which , it is important to note , was not observed in the agglutination or mouse protection tests on the same fractions , the range of effective dosage is very narrowly limited . 
Although the results of agglutination tests correlated well with those of the mouse protection tests , both of these showed no parallelism with the therapeutic effects of the various fractions on the experimental , dermal , pneumococcus infection in rabbits . 
Electromotive force measurements of cells without liquid junction , of the type Ag , AgCl , HCl + protein , H ( 2 ) , have been made at 30 degrees C . with the proteins gelatin , edestin , and casein in 0 . 1 M hydrochloric acid . 
The data are consistent with the assumptions of a constant combining capacity of each protein for hydrogen ion , no combination with chloride ion , and Failey ' s principle of a linear variation of the logarithm of the mean activity coefficient of the acid with increasing protein concentration . 
The combining capacities for hydrogen ion so obtained are 13 . 4 x 10 ( - 4 ) for edestin , 9 . 6 x 10 ( - 4 ) for gelatin , and 8 . 0 x 10 ( - 4 ) for casein , in equivalents of combined H ( + ) per gm . 
of protein . 
The rate of digestion , as determined by the increase in non - protein nitrogen or formol titration , of casein , gelatin , and hemoglobin with crystalline trypsin preparations increases nearly in proportion to the concentration of protein , but with crude pancreatic extract the rate of digestion becomes independent of the protein concentration in concentrations of more than 2 . 5 per cent . 
With both enzymes the rate of digestion of mixtures of 5 per cent casein and gelatin is greater than would be expected from the point of view of a compound between enzyme and substrate . 
The rate of digestion of 5 per cent casein in the presence of 5 per cent gelatin is exactly the same as that of 5 per cent casein alone . 
This result is obtained with both enzymes . 
The digestion of casein with crude trypsin follows the course of a monomolecular reaction quite closely while with purified trypsin the velocity constant decreases as the reaction proceeds . 
In the case of hemoglobin the monomolecular velocity constant decreases with both purified and crude enzyme . 
When the reaction is followed by changes in the viscosity of the solution the abnormal effect of changing substrate concentration disappears and the reaction is in fair agreement with the monomolecular equation . 
The results as a whole indicate that the abnormalities of the reaction are due to the occurrence of several consecutive reactions rather than to the formation of a substrate enzyme compound . 
1 . 
If dilute solutions of purified trypsin of low salt concentration at pH from 1 to 7 are heated to 100 degrees C . for 1 to 5 minutes and then cooled to 20 degrees C . there is no loss of activity or formation of denatured protein . 
If the hot trypsin solution is added directly to cold salt solution , on the other hand , all the protein precipitates and the supernatant solution is inactive . 
2 . 
The per cent of the total protein and activity present in the soluble form decreases from 100 per cent to zero as the temperature is raised from 20 degrees C . to 60 degrees C . and increases again from zero to 100 per cent as the solution is cooled from 60 degrees C . to 20 degrees C . The per cent of the total protein present in the soluble ( native ) form at any one temperature is nearly the same whether the temperature is reached from above or below . 
3 . 
If trypsin solutions at pH 7 are heated for increasing lengths of time at various temperatures and analyzed for total activity and total protein nitrogen after cooling , and for soluble activity and soluble ( native ) protein nitrogen , it is found that the soluble activity and soluble protein nitrogen decrease more and more rapidly as the temperature is raised , in agreement with the usual effects of temperature on the denaturation of protein . 
The total protein and total activity , on the other hand , decrease more and more rapidly up to about 70 degrees C . but as the temperature is raised above this there is less rapid change in the total protein or total activity and at 92 degrees C . the solutions are much more stable than at 42 degrees C . 4 . 
Casein and peptone are not digested by trypsin at 100 degrees C . but when this digestion mixture is cooled to 35 degrees C . rapid digestion occurs . 
A solution of trypsin at 100 degrees C . added to peptone solution at zero degree digests the peptone much less rapidly than it does if the trypsin solution is allowed to cool slowly before adding it to the peptone solution . 
5 . 
The precipitate of insoluble protein obtained from adding hot trypsin solutions to cold salt solutions contains the S - S groups in free form as is usual for denatured protein . 
6 . 
The results show that there is an equilibrium between native and denatured trypsin protein the extent of which is determined by the temperature . 
Above 60 degrees C . the protein is in the denatured and inactive form and below 20 degrees C . it is in the native and active form . 
The equilibrium is attained rapidly . 
The results also show that the formation of denatured protein is proportional to the loss in activity and that the re - formation of native protein is proportional to the recovery of activity of the enzyme . 
This is strong evidence for the conclusion that the proteolytic activity of the preparation is a property of the native protein molecule . 
A method is described for isolating a crystalline protein of high tryptic activity from beef pancreas . 
The protein has constant proteolytic activity and optical activity under various conditions and no indication of further fractionation could be obtained . 
The loss in activity corresponds to the decrease in native protein when the protein is denatured by heat , digested by pepsin , or hydrolyzed in dilute alkali . 
The enzyme digests casein , gelatin , edestin , and denatured hemoglobin , but not native hemoglobin . 
It accelerates the coagulation of blood but has little effect on the clotting of milk . 
It digests peptone prepared by the action of pepsin on casein , edestin or gelatin . 
The extent of the digestion of gelatin caused by this enzyme is the same as that caused by crystalline pepsin and is approximately equivalent to tripling the number of carboxyl groups present in the solution . 
The activity of the preparation is not increased by enterokinase . 
The molecular weight by osmotic pressure measure is about 34 , 000 . 
The diffusion coefficient in ( 1 / 2 ) saturated magnesium sulfate at 6 degrees C . is 0 . 020 + / - 0 . 001 cm . 
( 2 ) per day , corresponding to a molecular radius of 2 . 6 x 10 ( - 7 ) cm . 
The isoelectric point is probably between pH 7 . 0 and pH 8 . 0 . 
The optimum pH for the digestion of casein is from 8 . 0 - 9 . 0 . 
The optimum stability is at pH 1 . 8 . 
1 . 
In concentrations of 70 to 75 per cent the organic solvents methyl , ethyl , and propyl alcohols , and acetone cause complete precipitation of serum proteins and produce maximum loss in solubility . 
We have referred to this concentration range as the critical concentration . 
2 . 
As the concentration of the solvents is increased from about 75 per cent precipitation continues complete but loss in solubility progressively decreases until at all concentrations above about 87 per cent the precipitates formed at room temperature are completely soluble . 
3 . 
The degree of resolubility of the precipitates formed even in these high concentrations of the organic solvent decreases as the temperature is raised and as the duration of exposure is increased . 
4 . 
At 5 degrees C . the precipitates formed in all concentrations of these organic solvents are completely resoluble . 
Also these solvents exert maximum precipitating effect at lower temperature . 
5 . 
Maximum precipitating effect by these organic solvents occurs at about pH 6 . 0 precipitation becoming progressively less as the pH value is altered either way from this point . 
6 . 
The more concentrated the serum , the greater the proportion of protein present that will be precipitated by any given concentrations of organic solvent . 
7 . 
A method for preparing dry immune sera has been given . 
Such dried sera have been extracted with a number of organic compounds without loss in solubility or antibody activity . 
In this paper there is described a new method for the demonstration of antigen - antibody combination , as follows : A rabbit sensitized a week previously to some animal protein receives a skin - preparatory injection of a potent bacterial filtrate . 
24 hours after the skin preparation the rabbit is injected intravenously with the same animal protein . 
From 4 to 5 hours later there appears severe hemorrhagic necrosis at the prepared skin site . 
The incidence of positive results is high . 
A single sensitizing injection and 1 week incubation period are sufficient . 
The test is highly specific unless repeated sensitizing injections of large doses of antigen are made . 
The necessary sensitization can be elicited with minute quantities of animal proteins . 
It is also possible to elicit severe reactions in the prepared skin sites of non - sensitized rabbits upon separate intravenous injections of non - bacterial and bacterial antigens and homologous antibodies ( i . e . , passive transfer ) . 
The relation of the phenomenon of local skin reactivity to bacterial filtrates to various fields of immunology is discussed in the light of the above observations . 
In the first two papers findings were presented which point to a close relationship between the incidence of rheumatic fever and the distribution of Streptococcus hemolyticus . 
The fact was emphasized that in the rheumatic subject a recrudescence of the disease process is usually preceded by pharyngeal infection with hemolytic streptococci . 
These organisms conspicuous in the throat flora during the period of infection preliminary to an attack of acute rheumatism fell into six antigenic groups and produced toxins which in 70 per cent were neutralized by a monovalent streptococcus antiserum . 
In the present study , four series of observations have been presented , demonstrating the development of immune bodies to hemolytic streptococcus during the course of rheumatic fever . 
The agglutination and complement fixation reactions of sera from patients with acute rheumatism suggest recent infection with streptococcus . 
Precipitin tests indicate that at the time of appearance of the rheumatic attack , individuals develop , in their blood , precipitins to the protein fractions of hemolytic streptococcus . 
That these precipitins may not be entirely specific is recognized from their cross - reactions with antigens of chemically related organisms . 
The studies made in association with E . W . Todd of England have demonstrated that at the onset of an attack of acute rheumatism , there occurs in each instance a rise in the antistreptolysin titer of the patient ' s serum . 
This titer is much higher than that observed in normal subjects or in patients with bacterial infection other than hemolytic streptococcus . 
This presence of antistreptolysin with an N . D . of 0 . 005 cc . 
is considered strong evidence of recent infection by hemolytic streptococcus . 
In conclusion , the relationship between the incidence of hemolytic streptococcus and the geographical distribution of rheumatic fever , the relationship between the recrudescence in the rheumatic subject and infection of the throat with hemolytic streptococcus , the development of immune bodies for hemolytic streptococcus at the onset of the rheumatic attack and the apparently specific relationship of antistreptolysin formation to infection with hemolytic streptococcus , - together this combined evidence indicates that the infectious agent initiating the rheumatic process is Streptococcus hemolyticus . 
A comparison of the livetin of egg yolk and serum globulin of the common fowl using ( a ) anaphylactic and ( b ) precipitin reactions , indicates that the two proteins are very closely related , if not identical . 
The complement fixation test does not give the same result but indicates a difference between the two proteins . 
The complement fixation test also shows differences between serum euglobulin and serum pseudoglobulin when these proteins , prepared with considerable care , cannot be distinguished either by anaphylactic or precipitin tests . 
Experimental methods are described for determining the activity of pepsin preparations by means of changes in the viscosity of gelatin , casein , edestin , and powdered milk solutions , and by the rate of formation of non - protein nitrogen from casein and edestin solutions , or by the increase in formol titration of casein , edestin or gelatin . 
Activity units for pepsin are defined in terms of these measurements . 
The decrease in protein nitrogen and in the activity of solutions of crystalline pepsin at pH 1 . 8 and 45 degrees C . has been determined . 
The decrease in activity , as measured with eleven different methods , is in exact proportion to the decrease of protein nitrogen of the solution . 
The measurements were continued until less than 5 per cent of the original protein remained . 
These results indicate that none of the split products of the protein molecule possess any appreciable activity compared to that of the original protein . 
1 . 
When the plasma protein of dogs is lowered by plasmapheresis , the concentration of chloride and sodium in the plasma and the cerebrospinal fluid tends to become the same , a diminishing of the usual disparity which exists in the presence of a normal plasma protein . 
2 . 
This is in accord with the theory that the cerebrospinal fluid is a dialysate , with the choroid plexus acting as a simple dialyzing membrane . 
Experiments are described demonstrating the precipitation of azodyes by immune sera prepared by the injection of azoproteins containing the same azo component . 
These precipitin reactions prove conclusively the view already advanced on the basis of inhibition reactions that antibodies combine specifically with substances of small molecular weight . 
Although in this respect both phenomena have the same significance , the precipitin reactions with dyes are simpler in that the aid of a protein antigen is eliminated . 
That specific serological precipitin reactions can take place with substances other than proteins has been amply demonstrated by studies on bacterial antigens ( 14 ) ( polysaccharides ( 15 ) ) . 
The present findings show that for the precipitation with immune sera not even a high molecular weight of the reactive substance is required . 
Factors determining the tendency to separate out from the liquid upon combination with antibody seem to be the colloidal state of the solution and the chemical composition of the substance . 
With regard to the influence of chemical composition , a striking example is provided by the suberic acid dye which gives particularly strong precipitin reactions , most probably on account of its long aliphatic side chains . 
The results reported may be of use for studies on the mechanism of serological precipitation . 
The influence of osmotic conditions on the gradient of capillary permeability disclosed by the distribution into mammalian muscle of vital dyes has been tested experimentally . 
The percentage of circulating blood proteins was increased in rabbits by the injection of compatible plasma , or of compatible serum concentrate obtained by means of a new method of ultrafiltration which has proved both rapid and effective . 
It was found that when this had been done and the circulatory conditions had stabilized themselves , the gradient of capillary permeability still existed , though its effective extent was less than under normal circumstances . 
When the percentage of circulating blood proteins was reduced , on the other hand , by repeated bleedings with return of the cells , either as such or suspended in the protein - free fluid obtained by dialysis of serum , the extent of the gradient of capillary permeability was broadened and dye passed out into the tissue more readily than usual from the capillary as a whole . 
In contrast to these findings injection of a very hypertonic dextrose solution during the period when dye was escaping had no perceptible effect on the gradient of capillary permeability . 
The observed phenomena cannot be explained by a flow of dye - stained fluid into or out of the blood vessels . 
The gradient of capillary permeability exists independently of osmotic conditions , though its extent can be markedly influenced by altering the amount of circulating blood proteins . 
A considerable proportion of the dye used to study the gradient is adsorbed upon these proteins , as subsidiary experiments have shown . 
This happening provides a sufficient cause for the differences observed in the extent of the gradient when the percentage of proteins is increased or diminished . 
The evidence like that of previous papers indicates that the cause for the gradient is to be found in a structural differentiation along the capillary , such that the barrier offered by its wall progressively diminishes on the way to the venule . 
Most current estimates of the effective osmotic pressure of the blood proteins fail to take into account the existence of local differences in permeability along the capillary . 
1 . 
The normal lymph pressure in the legs of anesthetized dogs is not measurable . 
2 . 
The maximum pressure of lymph in the quiescent leg under conditions of sterile inflammation is around 120 cm . 
of lymph . 
3 . 
Venous pressure rises immediately in a region subjected to sterile inflammation and then slowly returns to normal . 
The rise in lymph pressure follows the rise in venous pressure . 
4 . 
Changes in lymph flow , lymph pressure , and protein concentration of the lymph occur when the part producing lymph is subjected to external temperatures between 50 degrees and 60 degrees C . 
By two methods a protein fraction can be separated out from a Chicken Tumor I extract , which carries all the tumor - producing agent . 
The precipitate can be dissolved and reprecipitated a number of times without loss of activity . 
The agent can be largely dissociated from the protein as shown by the fact that aluminum hydroxide will adsorb the protein from an extract and leave the agent behind . 
This purified material has a very low protein content , if any , as shown by both chemical and biological tests . 
1 . 
Both living and dead tubercle bacilli , as well as tuberculophosphatide , give rise to lesions in which the same type of cell is found , a cell which may prove characteristic of the meningeal reaction . 
After the phosphatide this cell is produced by the phagocytosis of lipoidal material . 
The vacuoles of these cells are slowly broken into smaller and smaller size until they correspond to the type found in the epithelioid cells with coarse vacuoles . 
This change is much slower in the cells of the meninges than in the cells of the omentum and subcutaneous tissue . 
2 . 
Intrathecal injections of tuberculo - protein produce a characteristic rise in temperature in normal and tuberculous rabbits . 
Both normal and tuberculous rabbits , after repeated intrameningeal injections of a given dose of tuberculo - protein , may fail to give a rise in temperature and later react to a larger dose . 
The injection of tumor extracts and their active protein fractions into rabbits induced the formation of precipitins and neutralizing antibodies . 
When the major portion of proteins in the tumor extract had been eliminated it induced the formation of neutralizing antibodies , but not of precipitins . 
The tumor agent , more highly purified by removal of the viscous fraction , did not induce precipitins , and only 2 out of the 15 sera gave any evidence of neutralizing bodies . 
After the removal of the major portion of protein , the extracts showed insufficient interaction with the sera to fix complement . 
1 . 
Following repeated intracutaneous injections of heat - killed S or R pneumococci , rabbits acquire an increased skin reactivity to the nucleoprotein of both Pneumococcus and indifferent Streptococcus . 
2 . 
Rabbits acquire a skin reactivity to the proteins of both the organisms mentioned after receiving intracutaneous injections of heat - killed indifferent streptococci . 
3 . 
Injections of pneumococci into the skin are followed in some rabbits by an eye sensitivity to pneumococcus protein but not to streptococcus protein nor to suspensions of either living organism . 
4 . 
Injections of indifferent streptococci into the skin are followed , in some rabbits , by an eye sensitivity to suspensions of live indifferent Streptococcus , but not to R Pneumococcus or to the nucleoprotein of either organism . 
Measured in terms of bacterial specificity therefore , the eye sensitivity possesses a specificity which is not shared by the skin sensitivity . 
5 . 
The sera of rabbits injected intracutaneously with pneumococci or indifferent streptococci contain agglutinins for both R Pneurnococcus and indifferent Streptococcus . 
6 . 
Only those animals injected with pneumococci acquire resistance to pneumococcal infection . 
The blood of 63 human subjects selected because of the absence of recent infections , was studied for its content of specific antibodies against virulent strains of Types I , II , and III pneumococci before and after intracutaneous injections of minute amounts of pneumococcus products . 
The simultaneous injection of the specific polysaccharides of all three types of pneumococci and of proteins and autolysates derived from Types I and II pneumococci was followed by the appearance or increase of pneumococcidal power in the whole defibrinated blood and , in most instances , by the appearance of mouse - protective antibodies and agglutinins for one or more types . 
A single intracutaneous injection of 0 . 01 mg . of the protein - free type - specific polysaccharide of either Type I , Type II , or Type III pneumococci or 4 similar daily injections was followed , in most of 29 subjects , by the appearance of antibodies against the homologous , but not against the heterologous type pneumococci . 
Some subjects showed a simultaneous lowering of a preexisting pneumococcidal power for heterologous or homologous types . 
A single intracutaneous injection of O . 1 mg . of pneumococcus protein in 13 individuals was not followed by the appearance of specific antibodies to any appreciable degree . 
Single intracutaneous injections of small amounts of autolysates derived from virulent strains of Type I , II , or III pneumococci were followed in 11 subjects by a more or less general rise in the pneumococcidal power with the appearance of homologous type agglutinins and protective antibodies in about one - third of the subjects . 
1 . 
The incidence of pneumococcidal power of the whole defibrinated blood in human beings has been shown to vary with age . 
The age distribution of other type - specific antibodies varies similarly , insofar as they are frequent enough to be compared or technically demonstrable . 
2 . 
The incidence of pneumococcidal power of the whole defibrinated blood for Type I , Type II , and Type III differs . 
Type I is the rarest , Type II is the most frequent , and Type III is of intermediate frequency . 
The type - specific antibodies responsible for the other tests employed show a similar relative frequency in regard to Types I and II , but some variation in regard to Type III . 
3 . 
The skin reactions to the acetic acid - predpitable proteins and autolysates of the pneumococci are negative or rarely positive in infants , infrequently positive in childhood , and positive in a high percentage of adults . 
1 . 
By combining the theories of Smoluchowski , Debye and Hückel , and Henry it is possible to state explicitly ( making necessary assumptions ) under what conditions the following simple rule should be valid for proteins : In solutions of the same ionic strength , the electric mobilities of the same protein at different hydrogen ion activities should be proportional to the number of hydrogen ( hydroxyl ) ions bound . 
2 . 
Data of Tiselius and of the writer confirm this rule for ( a ) egg albumin , ( b ) serum albumin , ( c ) deaminized gelatin and gelatin , and ( d ) casein . 
3 . 
On the basis of the confirmed theory the titration curves of certain proteins are predicted from their mobilities . 
4 . 
It is shown that when certain proteins are adsorbed by quartz the apparent dissociation constant of the adsorbed protein is practically unchanged . 
The mass law must also be valid at the phase boundary . 
5 . 
The facts of paragraphs ( 1 ) to ( 4 ) are discussed in connection with the mechanism of ( a ) protein adsorption , ( b ) enzyme activity , ( c ) immune reactions , ( d ) the calculation of the electric charge of cells , and ( e ) criteria of surface similarity . 
1 . 
The intratracheal injection of egg albumin or pneumococcus protein induces an inflammatory reaction in the lungs of rabbits previously inoculated with the respective antigen . 
2 . 
A similar reaction occurs following intratracheal injection of pneumococcus protein into the lungs of rabbits previously inoculated with heat - killed suspensions of the bacteria . 
3 . 
This reaction appears to be related to the presence of circulating antibody and to have the nature of the Arthus reaction . 
4 . 
A study of the reaction of the lung of rabbits to infection caused by intravenous injections of Pneumococcus reveals that ( a ) reactions occur irregularly in the lung ; ( b ) in the lungs in which reactions do occur , the histological changes are not different in normal rabbits and in rabbits made resistant by previous intravenous or intracutaneous injections of pneumococci . 
5 . 
Intratracheal injection of pneumococcus protein followed by intravenous injection of virulent pneumococci on the next day does not alter the course and character of the infection in resistant rabbits . 
6 . 
The experiments reported in this paper bring no evidences to support the view that the lesions in the lungs of rabbits following the intravenous injection of pneumococci are modified by any previous state of sensitivity . 
With the idea that studies on the serological properties of peptides may ultimately aid in the understanding of the precipitin reactions of proteins , antigens have been prepared containing aminobenzoylated dipeptides , namely glycyl - glycine , glycyl - d , l - leucine , d , l - leucyl - glycine and d , l - leucyl - d , l - leucine . 
These four antigens were found to be different serologically , their specificity depending on the structure of the terminal amino acid carrying the free carboxyl group , and to a less degree also on the second amino acid . 
The results were obtained by means of precipitin and inhibition tests . 
Analogies to observations on enzyme specificity are discussed . 
1 . 
The synthesis of p - aminophenol alpha - glucoside has been described . 
This glucoside can be coupled to any protein to yield a synthetic alpha - glucoside - protein complex . 
2 . 
A synthetic beta - glucoside - protein complex has also been prepared . 
3 . 
These synthetic sugar - protein complexes have been used as immunizing antigens in order to ascertain whether alpha - and beta - glucosidic unions influence the specificity of the immune response in animals . 
The results of the immunological studies are presented in the following paper . 
1 . 
Experiments on five dogs are described consisting in the daily removal of blood plasma in amount from 25 to 100 cc . 
the red cells being returned to the circulation in Locke ' s solution . 
In no case was there a significant drop in plasma protein concentration . 
2 . 
A gravimetric method for the determination of total plasma protein is described . 
3 . 
A case is reported of cirrhosis of the liver in which over 10 gm . 
of protein daily was lost in the ascitic fluid during a period of 7 months without any lowering of plasma protein concentration . 
4 . 
The constancy of the plasma protein level and the adequacy of the mechanism of regeneration is pointed out . 
More than one - half of normal rabbits contain complement - fixing or precipitating antibodies against Wassermann antigens ( the alcohol - soluble lipoids of beef , rabbit , and human hearts ) by a sufficiently sensitive technique . 
Normal human sera tested by the same technique are uniformly negative . 
The intravenous injection of colloidal suspensions of beef and human heart lipoids into rabbits occasionally causes a significant increase in this normal Wassermann ( antilipoid ) titre . 
This may indicate a certain degree of antibody response to the lipoids as such ; it may be due to the presence in such extracts of traces of foreign protein , which would activate the lipoid haptene into a complete antigen ; or it may be a non - specific increase in a normal antibody , not due to a specific antigenic stimulus . 
Confirming the results of Sachs , Klopstock , and Weil , the addition of normal foreign ( human ) serum to rabbit , beef , and human heart lipoids makes them antigenic for rabbits . 
The intravenous injection of such lipoid - serum mixtures usually causes a significant increase in the titre of the complement - fixing and precipitating antibody against tissue lipoids . 
The precipitate which forms upon the addition of tissue lipoids to human syphilitic serum is by far the most efficient antigen for the production , in rabbits , of antibodies to tissue lipoids which we have as yet encountered . 
Rabbits injected intravenously with such a precipitate regularly develop a Wassermann titre which is many times higher than either the titre observed in human syphilis , or that induced by the injection of a normal serum - lipoid mixture . 
The very marked antigenic property of the precipitate as compared with that of a normal serum - lipoid mixture is considered to be due to the fact that it contains a foreign protein firmly bound to the lipoid particles , namely , the human reagin - globulin with which they have combined . 
This interpretation is supported by the observations ( 1 ) that heating at 100 degrees C . , which does not affect the lipoid constituent of the precipitate , destroys its antigenic power for rabbits , and ( 2 ) that a similar precipitate derived from Wassermann positive rabbit serum instead of syphilitic human serum , and therefore containing tissue lipoid in combination with homologous ( rabbit ) protein , is completely non - antigenic for rabbits . 
The velocity curve of fibroplasia in the healing of wounds in young rats reached its end - point 3 days ahead of a similar curve for adults . 
Strength and fibroplasia were manifest 1 day sooner than in the adults . 
A study of the increments of the curve showed that the rate of fibroplasia during the accelerated phase was less in the young and that it lasted longer . 
Correspondingly , retardation appeared later and was less in amount than in the curve for the adult rats . 
The amount of retardation was even less than in the curve obtained for adults on a high protein diet , in spite of the fact that in this latter curve there was a definite increase in the rate of fibroplasia . 
Healing in the young , therefore , is more rapid than in adults because fibroplasia begins earlier and is less retarded , not because the rate of fibroplasia is greater . 
Growth of the young is not hindered by the process of wound healing . 
The survival ratios of colon bacilli subjected to several monochromatic ultraviolet radiations follow semilogarithmic straight lines . 
For each wave length approximate observations have been made of the energy involved in cell destruction . 
This energy varies somewhat with frequency in the ultraviolet region ; it is furthermore nearly one hundred times as great as the amount of X - ray energy required to bring about the same killing . 
Preliminary experiments show no measurable difference either in rate of killing or in lethal energy between B . coli and B . aertrycke . 
Parallel results have already been obtained with X - rays and electrons . 
The data from colon bacilli are interpreted in terms of the assumptions employed for X - rays . 
They indicate that though bacterial death should result from a single quantum absorption , millions more such absorptions seemingly are without injurious effect on cell growth and multiplication . 
The " sensitive volume " within which , according to this picture , the lethal quantum must be stopped proves to be about the same as that of a single protein molecule . 
If this is the correct description of the phenomena of ultraviolet killing , it seems strange that the millions of non - deadly quanta absorbed per bacillus should not show themselves by altered growth rates or in other ways . 
That they apparently do not suggests the inapplicability of the statistical picture . 
The death rate under this kind of radiation then would be primarily an expression of the relative sensitivities of the bacterial population . 
Additional experiments are required to determine this question . 
The viscosity of a protein solution is increased by the denaturation of the protein . 
This is true both when there is the formation of protein aggregates which occlude water and when there is no aggregation . 
Under certain conditions , as a result of the aggregation following denaturation , a solution containing only one per cent of protein may be converted into a clear gel . 
The conditions for obtaining very viscous solutions containing little denatured protein are always close to the conditions for actual precipitation and under these conditions the viscosity is very sensitive to slight changes in the concentration of salts and hydrogen ions . 
THESE EXPERIMENTS SHOW : 1 . 
That the surface tension of normal blood serum is considerably lowered by standing undisturbed for a period of 1 hour ( time - drop ) . 
2 . 
That the greatest time - drop recorded is with serum diluted approximately 10 , 000 times in fresh serum , and 50 , 000 times in heated serum . 
3 . 
That immune serum is not affected in the same manner by heat as is normal serum . 
Syphilitic serum and anti - sheep cell rabbit serum behave similarly in this respect . 
4 . 
That serum albumin is much more readily soluble in alkaline buffer solutions than globulin is , and that globulin from normal serum ionizes more than that from syphilitic serum . 
Further investigations are being made in an effort to determine why the proteins aggregate or dissociate under the influence of the factors under consideration . 
1 . 
Crystalline urease is not inactivated by trypsin in the absence of a gum . 
In fact , the presence of trypsin alone in aqueous solutions of urease has an action similar to that of gum , that is , it acts as a " protective colloid " for urease . 
2 . 
Crystalline urease is inactivated by trypsin in the presence of a gum . 
This occurs with great rapidity if purified ( crystalline ) trypsin is used . 
3 . 
If trypsin is added to urease a considerable time before the addition of gum no inactivation of the urease takes place . 
4 . 
The suggested explanation is that an inhibitive group of the urease molecule ( " antitrypsin " ) may combine with trypsin to form an irreversible inactive trypsin compound , which cannot attack the urease but has unchanged ureolytic power . 
This compound cannot be formed if gum is present because the gum has united with a portion of the urease molecule ; the tryptic power is thus unimpaired and urease is then digested . 
This speaks for the protein nature of urease . 
1 . 
Characteristic cutaneous responses to the type - specific protein - free carbohydrates of both Type I and Type II pneumococci have been " produced " in cases of lobar pneumonia due to either of these types by the intravenous injection of concentrated bivalent ( Types I and II ) antipneumococcic sera ( Felton ) . 
2 . 
A positive cutaneous response to the specific polysaccharide of Type II pneumococci has been passively transferred from human cases convalescing from this infection to a patient suffering from pneumonia due to this organism . 
3 . 
The cutaneous responses to the type - specific polysaccharides and circulating antibodies were studied in 51 cases of lobar pneumonia . 
Positive cutaneous reactions were , in most instances , associated with recovery , even when purulent complications were present . 
Failure to elicit a positive reaction was usually followed by a fatal outcome . 
4 . 
The positive reactions in patients who were treated with concentrated sera and recovered were most often elicited within 24 hours after the first dose and after a total of 40 cc . 
had been given . 
5 . 
The positive skin reactions obtained after the administration of specific antisera were associated with the presence of mouse protective antibodies and agglutinins in the sera of the patients . 
6 . 
The immune reactions in serum treated cases receiving repeated inoculations with the specific carbohydrates disappeared more rapidly than in similar cases receiving no antiserum . 
It is suggested that the administration of antisera in someway interferes with the production of antibodies by the intracutaneously injected carbohydrates . 
1 . 
A tentative method is described for extracting a labile nucleo - protein from scarlatinal Streptococcus hemolyticus . 
2 . 
The product differs chemically and serologically from the fractions prepared by subsequent alkaline extraction of the cell residues , and from protein obtained by the classical method for extraction of bacterial " nucleoproteins . 
" 3 . 
The new nucleoprotein is sensitive to very weak alkalies and readily loses nucleic acid under these conditions . 
The protein degradation products resemble the alkaline - extracted protein fractions of the cell residues . 
4 . 
The bearing of the properties of the new nucleoprotein on the chemistry of nucleoproteins in general is discussed , also the possible relation of the fractions obtained to the analysis of streptococcus antigens made by Lancefield . 
1 . 
Leaf extracts of Sudan grass , Hippeastrum equestre Herb . , lily , and Abutilon striatum Dicks . 
( A . Thompsoni hort . 
) , each affected with its respective mosaic disease , and peach affected with yellows disease , were tested for their ability to precipitate antiserum for virus extract of tobacco mosaic disease . 
No precipitate occurred . 
2 . 
Nicotiana glutinosa L . , N . rustica L . , and Martynia louisiana Mill . 
were added to the list of hosts of tobacco mosaic virus which have been tested with antiserum for the same virus in N . tabacum L . var . 
The object was to determine the presence or absence of material reacting with the specific precipitins such as that already demonstrated in extracts of tomato , pepper , and petunia affected with the same virus . 
The presence of specific substances was demonstrated in every case . 
3 . 
The viruses of ringspot and cucumber mosaic diseases were multiplied in Turkish tobacco and leaf extracts of the affected plants were used in turn as antigens in precipitin tests with antiserum for tobacco mosaic virus extract of Turkish tobacco . 
A slight precipitation resulted in the tubes containing undiluted antiserum and virus extract such as occurs when juice from normal tobacco is used with undiluted antiserum . 
No precipitate was demonstrable that was specific for virus extracts of tobacco affected with either ringspot or cucumber mosaic disease . 
4 . 
The results favor the interpretation that the specific antigenic substance in virus extract of tobacco mosaic disease is foreign antigenic material , possibly virus itself , not altered host protein . 
The four types of experiments on milk secretion herein described really fall into one general class so far as the physiological effects produced are concerned . 
Starvation lowers the blood sugar and raises the osmotic pressure of the blood . 
The experiment using parathyroid hormone with or without starvation may have its effects interpreted as simply due to starvation since 1000 units of this hormone produced no visible effects on the blood calcium or milk constituents different from those of starvation . 
Since insulin produces a marked and rapid drop in blood sugar it too may be looked upon as a rapid starvation effect . 
It has some other important effects , however . 
Briggs et al . 
( 21 ) have shown that potassium and phosphorus of the blood are decreased and Luck , Morrison , and Wilbur ( 22 ) indicate a reduction in the amino acids of the blood in insulin treatment . 
Phloridzin lowers the threshold for sugar retention with the consequence that in time it tends to lower the sugar of the blood to an even greater extent than that noted in starvation . 
It tends to depress the potassium , to increase the phosphorus content of the blood , and to cause the body to burn protein rather than carbohydrate , thus increasing nitrogen excretion . 
All of the experiments are characterized by a sharp reduction in the milk yield . 
Cary and Meigs ( 23 ) have studied like reductions in milk yield produced by varying the energy or protein of the diet . 
They conclude that such decrease in milk production may be interpreted as due to the direct effect of the starvation and the consequent reduction of the energy and protein available to milk secretion . 
The reduction in milk yield for the experiments herein described can undoubtedly be attributed to the same causes as those cited by Cary and Meigs . 
The experiment where Cow 47 was given a full ration and at the same time injected with large quantities of insulin is of particular interest in this connection . 
The ration was adequate and the cow ate well , yet her production declined to a fifth of her normal milk yield . 
Her chart shows that there was a slight reduction in her blood sugar when insulin was introduced into the blood stream . 
It seems furthermore likely that this sugar was not as available to milk secretion , since there appears to be more than a corresponding drop in the lactose content of the milk . 
The work of Luck et al . 
would seem to indicate that there should be a like drop in the amino acids of the blood . 
These two conditions would lead , according to the work of Cary and Meigs , to a reduction in the concentration of the nitrogen of the milk . 
Actually , in the experiment as it was performed , the nitrogen increased to a value about 40 per cent above normal . 
A somewhat similar conflict is noted in two of the other three insulin experiments where starvation accompanied insulin injection . 
To this extent it would seem that the factor deserving most emphasis in its immediate effect on milk yield is the energy available , and that the later and more secondary factor is the amino acid concentration of the blood . 
In the starvation experiments , the butter fat percentage of the milk rises rather uniformly with the duration of starvation . 
In the insulin experiments , however , the charts appear to show a marked reduction in this butter fat percentage immediately after the introduction of insulin . 
This is particularly noticed after the second and third injections . 
Since the dextrose of the blood tends to be reduced and made unavailable to the general physiological processes by the presence of the large excess of insulin , and since this reduction of the butter fat percentage is noted as an accompanying phenomenon , it would appear that the blood dextrose plays a part in the synthesis of milk fat as well as being the source of the milk lactose , possibly as a source of energy in converting body fat to butter fat . 
In this regard the results for the treatment of Cow 47 with phloridzin are of importance . 
As noted by others , the introduction of phloridzin causes a marked rise in the fat percentage of the milk . 
The lactose per cent is also higher than that noted in starvation . 
Since phloridzin , by lowering the threshold for the blood sugar , causes large quantities of it to be drained from the body through the urine , and therefore reduces the reserve supply , it follows that if the insulin hypotheses are correct we should expect an eventual lowering of the lactose and of the fat below the starvation level . 
During the last of the experiment this is what was actually observed . 
The effects of starvation and of insulin furnish concordant proof for the theory that the lactose of milk is derived from the sugar of the blood . 
The fact that the different constituents of the milk , the fat , the lactose , the nitrogen , and the ash , do not exactly parallel each other in their behavior throughout these experiments indicates that they have in all probability separate origin . 
This is particularly true of the butter fat percentage , which appears to have a rate of secretion which is more or less independent of the other constituents , and higher in amount . 
This result would fall in line with the conclusion of the writers in a previous paper in which it was indicated that the fat of the blood was very likely deposited in the udder as fat corresponding to body fat from which source it was metabolized into the fat of milk shortly before it was needed for milk secretion . 
The wide variation brought about in the constituents of the milk by the treatment all point to the conclusion that in milk secretion a balance is maintained between the osmotic pressure of the milk and of the blood . 
Thus when the sugar of the milk is reduced either through starvation or by insulin the ash constituents rise to compensate for this reduction and make the osmotic pressure of the milk similar to that of the blood . 
These results further appear to indicate that the salts and the sugars are more or less independent in their passage and metabolism into milk from the other constituents . 
These observations are therefore in line with those obtained by Jackson and Rothera ( 14 ) and by Davidson ( 15 ) in their brilliant experiments where they modified milk secretion by returning milk or milk sugars and salts to the udder . 
These experiments give direct proof for the conclusion that modifications of the blood of dairy cattle produce direct and predictable modification of the milk secreted . 
In this paper data are presented on cows receiving no food but having access to all of the water which they wished . 
The yield and composition of the milk were determined at various times during the periods of starvation . 
The composition of the milk showed changes which were progressive in the sense that they followed a definite course . 
They were characterized by a marked lowering in the amount of milk produced , by an increase in the total solids ( chiefly an increase in the percentage of fat and ash , with a slight increase in proteins ) , and by a pronounced decrease in the lactose . 
The decrease in lactose corresponded with a decrease in the dextrose content of the blood , thereby supporting the conclusion that the lactose of milk has as its precursor dextrose of the blood . 
All the changes in milk composition during starvation can be directly related to the simultaneous changes in the blood . 
The following companion paper on insulin and phloridzin as they affect milk secretion further develops these hypotheses . 
A protein fraction has been isolated from crude pepsin preparations which is about 400 times as active as crystalline pepsin in the lique - faction of gelatin . 
The activity as measured by the digestion of casein , edestin or egg albumin is less than that of crystalline pepsin . 
It is more resistant to alkali than the crystalline pepsin . 
1 . 
Type - specific antipneumococcus immunity has been induced in rabbits by immunization with antigen prepared by combining a specific derivative of the capsular polysaccharide of Type III Pneumococcus with globulin from horse serum . 
2 . 
Rabbits immunized with this antigen acquire active immunity against infection with virulent Type III pneumococci . 
3 . 
The sera of the immune rabbits contain type - specific antibodies which precipitate the Type III capsular polysaccharide , agglutinate Type III pneumococci , and specifically protect mice against Type III infection . 
4 . 
The experimental data are discussed with reference to : ( 1 ) the concurrence in the immune sera of type - specific antibodies for Pneumococcus and precipitins for horse globulin ; ( 2 ) the determining influence of the capsular polysaccharide on the specificity of the antigen as a whole ; ( 3 ) the unity of the type - specific precipitins , agglutinins , and protective antibodies induced by a single compo of the pneu mococcus in chemical union with an unrelated , animal protein . 
1 . 
Type - specific antipneumococcus immunity has been induced in rabbits by immunization with antigen prepared by combining a specific derivative of the capsular polysaccharide of Type III Pneumococcus with globulin from horse serum . 
2 . 
Rabbits immunized with this antigen acquire active immunity against infection with virulent Type III pneumococci . 
3 . 
The sera of the immune rabbits contain type - specific antibodies which precipitate the Type III capsular polysaccharide , agglutinate Type III pneumococci , and specifically protect mice against Type III infection . 
4 . 
The experimental data are discussed with reference to : ( 1 ) the concurrence in the immune sera of type - specific antibodies for Pneumococcus and precipitins for horse globulin ; ( 2 ) the determining influence of the capsular polysaccharide on the specificity of the antigen as a whole ; ( 3 ) the unity of the type - specific precipitins , agglutinins , and protective antibodies induced by a single component of the pneumococcus in chemical union with an unrelated , animal protein . 
1 . 
The p - amino and p - nitromonobenzyl ethers of the specific polysaccharide of Type III Pneumococcus have been prepared . 
2 . 
The diazonium ether of the specific polysaccharide has been coupled with serum globulin to yield a specific polysaccharide - protein complex and this complex has been used for immunization . 
The results of the immunological studies are presented in the following paper . 
As result of finding numerous plasma cells in the omenta of rabbits injected with tuberculo - protein , a method to induce the production of large numbers of these cells has been discovered . 
The tissues in which they were pronouncedly increased were the subserosal connective tissues of the omentum , body wall , and intestinal wall . 
The precursor of the plasma cells is a primitive connective tissue cell . 
As this cell develops into the typical Marshalkó plasma cell there is a progressive increase in the basophilia of the cytoplasm , the nucleus becomes eccentric , a condensation of the chromatin occurs near the nuclear membrane , and there is a loss of the nucleoli . 
At the time when the nucleus assumes the eccentric position , the clear area appears in the center of the cytoplasm . 
The early cells are capable of reproducing themselves by mitosis , while the typical mature cells divide by amitosis . 
The mature plasma cells often have muddy , spongy cytoplasm which contains acidophilic or hyaline granules as the cells grow old or begin to degenerate . 
The cells with granules or hyaline bodies usually have pycnotic or fragmented nuclei . 
These cells are the final stage reached by some plasma cells . 
Others , when degenerating , show vacuoles and signs of senility . 
Those with the granules and hyaline bodies are the so called Russell body cells . 
Plasma cells developed in greatest numbers after our largest injections of tuberculo - protein . 
The differentiation into young , mature , and senile forms was most clearly recognizable when some days had been allowed to elapse after the last large injection of the stimulating agent . 
A description of the plasma cell as viewed supravitally has been given . 
The cells are met in the blood stream as well as in the tissues . 
They are characterized by their deep yellowish gray cytoplasm , indistinct eccentrically placed nuclei , and large numbers of mitochondria . 
The plasma cells differ from lymphocytes , in that they did not develop in large numbers after direct stimulation of the lymph nodes with tuberculo - protein . 
The young plasma cells also differ in morphology from the young lymphocytes . 
When plasma cells were found in the lymph nodes they were in the connective tissue cords . 
The plasma cell is a definite entity , having a maturation cycle . 
It is stimulated to great proliferation by certain toxic irritants . 
Experiments are described which confirm the result that the specificity of inhibitory reactions involving substituted aromatic acids is decidedly influenced by the position of the substituent . 
When antigens with specific groups of very simple constitution are used for the tests , inhibiting effects are obtained also with substances distantly related to those determining the reactivity of the antigens . 
On the other hand , if antigens are built up from protein and chemical compounds of somewhat higher complexity , the specificity of the inhibition reactions with synthetic crystallized substances is of the same order as that of the usual serum reactions ; in other words , it is possible to distinguish such compounds by serological tests as readily as proteins can be differentiated with the aid of precipitating sera . 
1 . 
Rabbit eyes sensitized with guinea pig red blood cells or fresh egg white respond with an inflammatory reaction following the intravenous injection of the homologous antigen , but not the heterologous . 
2 . 
Two - tenths of 1 . 0 cc . 
of a multiple antigen containing ten separate ingredients , or in other words , 0 . 02 cc . 
of each foreign protein , when introduced into the rabbit ' s anterior chamber , is sufficient to produce an altered ocular reactivity such that when 1 cc . 
of one of the ten antigens is introduced intravenously the eye shows hyperemia of the iris and conjunctiva with more or less edema and lacrimation during the next 24 hours . 
3 . 
For as long as 8 months after sensitization eyes will respond with an inflammatory reaction following the intravenous injection of fractions of the total antigen . 
4 . 
Repeated daily intravenous injections of a single antigen usually produce no reaction in the sensitized eye after the first few days . 
Injection of different antigens intravenously on succeeding days produces a continued sterile inflammatory process in the sensitized eye . 
After the total number of single antigens has been injected , repetition of these injections now fails to produce a similar response . 
Instead , the eye reaction is at a much lower level and the inflammatory response is manifested only to a few of the antigens injected intravenously . 
5 . 
Unless massive doses of antigen are used to desensitize , permanent desensitization of the eye has not occurred in animals which have been followed for at least 8 months . 
Animals may develop maximal eye responses following repeated intravenous injections of the same antigen , if sufficient time has elapsed between injections . 
Nevertheless , the eye reactions which can be elicited 6 or 7 months after sensitization are less intense than the initial responses . 
6 . 
The ability of the eye inflammation to light up following the intravenous injection of homologous antigen is not due to an initial tissue injury as proven by the fact that the reaction is specific and anterior chambers injured with typhoid vaccine , iodine , saline , glycerine , or albolene will not respond subsequently when the various proteins used for sensitization of the other eyes are injected intravenously . 
7 . 
It has been impossible to demonstrate sensitivity in the eye by the intravenous shocking route until at least the 5th day following introduction of the antigen into the anterior chamber . 
8 . 
The eye reaction can be produced by the subcutaneous as well as the intravenous injection of antigen . 
9 . 
Rabbits vary considerably in the intensity of the eye reaction which can be elicited in them , but only rarely was an animal found which failed completely to give a reaction . 
The following changes have been found to occur in rabbits given fatal intravenous doses of Streptococcus hemolyticus : The blood sugar concentration drops at a constant rate throughout the disease , but does not reach a condition of hypoglycemia . 
Glycogen is present in the liver at death . 
The CO ( 2 ) capacity is lowered markedly at first , then returns to a somewhat higher level , at which it continues until the terminal stage of the disease , when the acidosis becomes very marked . 
Inorganic phosphorus is markedly increased in concentration at the terminus of the disease . 
This increase is greater in animals showing an acute course than in those in which the disease is of the fulminating type . 
Calcium also shows terminal changes , decreases occurring in both groups . 
In the acutely infected rabbits the decrease is less than in the fulminating group , although in both a pathological level is reached . 
Non - protein nitrogen and creatinine are greatly increased in the terminal stages , in both groups of animals . 
It is suggested that these observations can be explained on the assumption of a large amount of acid production by the streptococcus in vivo . 
The resistance to deformation of polymorphonuclear neutrophile leucocytes under the conditions of our observations has been shown to be on the average considerably less than the resistance to deformation of large mononuclear leucocytes . 
It is recognized of course that the viscosity of leucocytes , as of other cells , may be markedly influenced by osmotic conditions ( 17 ) , by the reaction of the suspending medium ( 18 , 19 ) , by temperature , or by injury ( 20 , 21 ) . 
Although the conditions of our observations were quite different from those of the body , they were nevertheless closely similar to those of simultaneous phagocytosis experiments in which the cells functioned exceedingly well ( 3 ) . 
Moreover E . R . and E . L . Clark ( 22 ) have noted that polymorphonuclear leucocytes in the tails of living tadpoles were more fluid than the macrophages . 
And Goss ( 23 ) in microdissecting human polymorphonuclear neutrophiles reports that they are more fluid than the clasmatocytes and monocytes studied by Chambers and Borquist ( 24 ) . 
Other types of leucocytes have in our experience seemed to fall between the large mononuclear and the polymorphonuclear leucocytes in their average resistance to the interfacial tensions . 
The leucocyte of each type studied is surrounded by an exceedingly delicate membrane . 
This membrane appears under the dark - field microscope as a pale , silvery line not distinguishable by inspection alone from a simple phase boundary between two immiscible liquids . 
That this is a membrane , however , and not a mere interface between immiscible phases , seems certain . 
In the first place the cell cytoplasm and the suspending medium are not immiscible . 
When the cell organization is broken down by the interfacial tension the greater part of the cell contents is immediately dissolved or dispersed . 
Goss ( 23 ) has noted that when the membrane is torn with a microdissection needle disintegration at once spreads over the membrane and the cytoplasm undergoes profound change . 
Moreover it is improbable that a simple phase boundary could exist in the presence of so much protein , lipoid , and other surface active materials as are present in protoplasm ; the tendency of these substances to lower the free interfacial energy must necessarily tend to their adsorption in the interface until , if sufficient material is available at the interface , an adsorption film or membrane may be formed . 
Kite ( 25 ) , in a pioneer microdissection study , described the polymorphonuclear leucocyte as " naked " protoplasm . 
The contradiction between this statement and those just made is more apparent than real . 
For the capacity swiftly to form a limiting membrane between itself and other liquids is an attribute of " naked " protoplasm , as has been shown by the beautiful experiments of Chambers ( 20 ) . 
The present study of the wetting properties of leucocytes shows that their external membranes are hydrophilic , a character suggesting a surface in which proteins , probably bound water and salts ( 27 ) , possibly the polar radicles of soaps or fatty acids , rather than non - polar lipoid groupings , are predominantly exposed . 
This makes it the more remarkable that a cell of such fluidity as for instance the polymorphonuclear leucocyte , composed largely of water and of water - soluble materials , should maintain its integrity in an aqueous medium with the aid of a membrane so delicate and so mobile . 
The mobility of the membrane , frequently extended in forming new pseudopodia or spreading over the surface of particles being ingested , must require constant entrance into and exit from the membrane of component materials , and their constant reorganization there . 
The limiting factors in the reformation of such a membrane would be the amounts of adsorbable materials available and their rates of movement up to the surface rather than the time required for orientation there , since the latter phenomenon is exceedingly rapid . 
Harkins ( 29 ) , for instance has calculated that at a water - water vapor interface at 20 degrees C . , from the area occupied by one molecule of water , a molecule would jump out into the vapor and a vapor molecule would fall into this area of the surface 7 , 000 , 000 times in one second ; the time of orientation of the water molecule he estimates to be of the order of 1 / 100 , 000 , 000 second or less . 
The mammalian erythrocyte possesses a surface membrane capable of being folded and of withstanding tension in the interface . 
This has also been stretched by microdissection needles ( 21 ) . 
The surface of the erythrocyte , as evidenced by its wetting properties , is relatively hydrophobic , relatively non - polar in character , as compared with the leucocyte . 
Evidence indicating that the erythrocyte surface contains both lipoid and protein components has been summarized in earlier papers ( 8 , 30 ) . 
We have little to add here other than to point out that the wetting properties of the chicken erythrocyte surface are similar to those fully described for the mammal . 
A serious source of error in certain isoelectric point determinations is discussed . 
1 . 
Pepsin solutions which have been completely denatured and inactivated by adjusting to pH 10 . 5 recover some of their activity when titrated to about pH 5 . 4 and allowed to stand at 22 degrees C . for 24 to 48 hours . 
2 . 
Control experiments show that this inactivation and reactivation are probably not due to the effect of any inhibiting substance . 
3 . 
A method of isolation of the reactivated material has been worked out . 
4 . 
The reactivated material recovered in this way is a protein with the same general solubility , the same crystalline form , and the same specific proteolytic activity as the original crystalline pepsin . 
5 . 
This furnishes additional proof that the proteolytic activity is a property of the protein molecule . 
1 . 
The globin prepared from hemoglobin by the acid acetone method is denatured globin . 
2 . 
The denaturation and coagulation of globin by acid acetone are reversible . 
3 . 
Soluble globin can be obtained from the acid acetone globin even if the globin is first precipitated by trichloracetic acid or heated to 100 degrees C . 4 . 
Hill and Holden ' s theory that they separated native globin from hemoglobin without any intermediate denaturation is not proven by their experiments . 
1 . 
Methemoglobin prepared from coagulated hemoglobin by the reversal of coagulation has the same solubility within 2 per cent as normal methemoglobin . 
2 . 
Methemoglobin synthesized from hemin and the native globin prepared by the reversal of coagulation of globin likewise has the same solubility as normal methemoglobin . 
1 . 
The conditions are described which are necessary for the comparison of certain types of electrokinetic potentials . 
An experimental comparison is made of ( a ) electrophoresis of quartz particles covered with egg albumin ; and ( b ) similar experiments by Briggs on streaming potentials . 
A slight , consistent , difference is found between the electrophoretic potential and the streaming potential . 
This difference is probably due to the difference in the protein preparations used rather than to real difference in the electrophoretic and streaming potentials . 
2 . 
Data are given which facilitate the measurements and enhance the precision of the estimation of electrical mobilities of microscopic particles . 
Hypersensitivity actively induced in utero is shown to persist for a longer period than passive sensitization . 
The degree of hypersensitivity , its duration , and its transmissibility appear to be influenced by the time elapsing between the original injection of the parent and parturition . 
A pregnant guinea pig receiving a parenteral injection of antigen 2 to 4 days prior to parturition transmits a state of hypersensitivity to two succeeding generations . 
The sensitization of the F ( I ) generation is due to the passage of antigen . 
The sensitization of the F ( II ) generation is due to the passage of antibodies formed in the F ( I ) generation . 
This prevents any further transfer of the hypersensitive state . 
Though hypersensitivity occurs in two successive generations , the phenomenon is congenital and not hereditary . 
We believe that this phenomenon demonstrated in the guinea pig is fundamentally related to the problem of congenital sensitization of the human being . 
Serum , in concentrations greater than 1 : 25 , causes a marked inhibition of complement fixation in general and of the Wassermann reaction in particular . 
The serum protein is probably adsorbed by the colloidally dispersed lipoid - reagin complexes , forming a protective film which prevents the fixation ( adsorption ) of complement . 
This inhibition explains the zone phenomenon in complement fixation : a weakly positive serum may give a completely positive reaction in e . g . , 1 : 5 dilution , and yet , because of this serum inhibition , may appear completely negative when tested as whole serum . 
The greater sensitivity of the ice box test is due ( 1 ) to the fact that the serum inhibition just described is less marked at lower temperature ; ( 2 ) to the prolonged incubation time , making for greater specific fixation ; ( 3 ) to a more marked non - specific destruction of complement by antigen ; and ( 4 ) a spontaneous deterioration in the longer ice box test . 
Because of the inhibition by serum protein in high concentration , a quantitative Wassermann technique involving the use of graded quantities of serum is worthless when carried out at 37 degrees C . Even the ice box test , which is less susceptible to this inhibiting effect , will yield a positive reaction with whole serum only when the circulating reagin exceeds a surprisingly high threshold ( six to ten times the quantity which could be detected in dilute serum ) . 
It is well known that a negative Wassermann , even by a very sensitive test , does not exclude syphilis : it now appears that a negative Wassermann does not exclude circulating reagin . 
Repeated parenteral injections by various routes in a series of twelve rabbits caused an increase of lymphocytes in the peripheral blood varying from 23 per cent to 139 per cent . 
It seems probable that the degree of response is conditioned upon the type of protein used . 
At autopsy the lymph nodes and spleen showed hyperplastic changes . 
The thymus did not participate in the hyperplasia . 
The temperature reaction in tuberculous and normal guinea pigs and rabbits is elicited by the tuberculo - protein and probably not at all by the polysaccharides . 
The polysaccharides may have some killing power under certain conditions , but this is not as consistently related to dosage as in the case of the proteins . 
Both proteins and polysaccharides cause a change in the white blood cells when introduced by any route . 
1 . 
The astragalotibial ( hock ) joints of normal young beef cattle contain large and uniform quantities of synovial fluid which is easily accessible for study . 
2 . 
Nucleated cells found in such synovial fluid are similar in numbers and types to those described previously in normal rabbits ' synovia . 
3 . 
The fact that 90 to 95 per cent of all nucleated cells present are actively phagocytic implies that the function of these cells is the removal of the products of wear and tear from the articular cartilages and synovial membranes . 
4 . 
Red blood corpuscles seem to be present in numbers directly proportional to the trauma to which the synovial membrane is subjected . 
5 . 
The astragalotibial joints of young beef cattle contain from 3 to 5 times more fluid than do the corresponding joints of stable cattle . 
More débris and unidentified solid material is found in the latter group of animals . 
6 . 
The total nitrogen content of this synovial fluid was found to be 169 mg . per 100 cc . 
The approximate total protein content was calculated to be 680 mg . or 0 . 68 per cent per 100 cc . 
7 . 
No correlation between the total protein level and the total cell counts of isolated specimens of synovial fluid is possible from these data . 
8 . 
Further studies of synovial fluid and of its chemical similarity to blood serum of the same animals are in progress . 
9 . 
Articular cartilage defects occurring in the articular cartilages of the carpometacarpal joints are described . 
( A more detailed study of these articular cartilage lesions , the age at which they appear , possible causative factors , etc . , is now being made . 
The effect of the addition of sodium chloride to gelatin solutions is shown from the Donnan relationship to increase the ionisation of the gelatin , the increase produced in acid solutions reaching a maximum at about 1 / 1000 molar salt concentration . 
This effect is attributed to the formation of complex ions . 
From the similar action of calcium and copper chlorides the effective combining power of gelatin for complex positive ion formation is deduced . 
The bearing of complex ion formation on the zwitter - ionic structure and solubility phenomena of proteins is pointed out . 
A survey of the published electrophoretic mobilities of certain mammalian red cells reveals that the isoelectric points accorded to these cells are the result of equilibria incidental to red cell destruction . 
The electrophoretic mobilities of normal washed sheep and human cells have now been studied in 0 . 85 per cent NaCl solutions from about pH 3 . 6 to 7 . 4 . 
All measurements were made within 2 minutes of the preparation of the suspension of red cells . 
In no case was reversal of sign of charge observed under these conditions . 
Reversal of sign of charge occurred only after sufficient time had elapsed to permit sufficient adsorption of the products of red cell destruction . 
There is little change in mobility as the pH of the medium is decreased . 
Reversal of sign of charge does occur in the presence of normal and immune ( anti - sheep ) rabbit sera . 
The isoelectric point determined under these conditions does not appear to be connected specifically with the immune body but is perhaps associated with phenomena incidental to red cell destruction and the presence of serum . 
The characteristic lowering of mobility by amboceptor occurs , however , from pH 4 . 0 to pH 7 . 4 . 
The curves of mobility plotted against pH for normal and for immune sera support the viewpoint that the identity of the isoelectric points for normal and sensitized sheep cells is not primarily concerned with the immune reaction . 
It is most unlikely that an " albumin " or a " globulin " surface covers red cells with a complete protein film . 
Although serum protein reacts with red cells in acid solutions , this is not demonstrable for gelatin . 
The lowering of mobility usually ascribed to anti - sheep rabbit serum may also occur , but to a lesser degree , in normal rabbit serum . 
This diminution of mobility is not , in the first place , associated with sensitization to hemolysis induced by complement . 
This supports the view that only a very small part of the red cell surface need be changed in order to obtain complete hemolysis in the presence of complement . 
The substance in syphilitic serum which is responsible for the Wassermann reaction , like that which determines the diagnostic flocculation tests , is associated with the globulin fraction of serum . 
Every positive Wassermann is accompanied by microscopic ( or submicroscopic ) aggregation , which is not an essential feature of the reaction ; conversely , after every positive flocculation test , the washed precipitate will fix complement . 
An excess of antigen removes both flocculating and complement - fixing substances completely ( > 95 per cent ) . 
Heating the lipoid - reagin precipitate to 100 degrees for 1 minute destroys the sensitizing film of reagin globulin ; the avidity for complement disappears simultaneously . 
Both the flocculating and complement - fixing properties of syphilitic serum are therefore determined by the same substance , a specifically altered fraction of the serum globulin , reagin . 
The Wassermann reaction is thus entirely analogous to complement fixation by any antigen - antibody complex . 
The same film of denatured serum globulin which sensitizes the antigen particles , whether red cells , bacteria , protein , or colloidal lipoid particles , to discharge and aggregation by electrolytes , also endows them with an avidity for complement . 
The pathogenesis of reagin will be discussed in a forthcoming paper . 
A . 
The lipoid antigen used in the serum diagnosis of syphilis , when colloidally dispersed in water , forms a relatively stable amphoteric suspension with predominantly hydrophilic properties . 
Although the colloidal particles flocculate at their isoelectric point ( pH 1 . 9 ) , in more alkaline reaction the negative surface potential prevents their cohesion and must be depressed to 1 to 5 millivolts before visible flocculation is obtained , indicating a very slight affinity between the colloidal particles . 
The amount of electrolyte necessary to depress this surface charge below its critical value decreases somewhat with increasing concentration of the sol , but is uniformly large : in a suspension containing 0 . 04 per cent lipoid , 1 M univalent and 1 / 40 M bivalent cation are the coagulation values . 
B . 
In normal serum , hydrophilic protein is adsorbed , forming a protective film around the individual lipoid particles , with a corresponding change in the cataphoretic potential and the isoelectric point towards those of serum protein , the degree of shift depending upon the extent of the adsorbed film . 
The critical potential , however , is not affected , and the lipoid remains as stable away from its isoelectric point as in the absence of serum . 
The water - soluble film of unchanged protein is readily removed by washing , and does not prevent the subsequent combination of the underlying lipoid with the specific component of syphilitic serum . 
C . When the lipoid antigen is added to syphilitic serum , in addition to this loose adsorption of normal protein it combines more or less irreversibly with a specifically altered fraction of the serum globulin ( reagin ) , demonstrable in the washed precipitate both chemically and by sensitization experiments . 
Like adsorbed normal serum , it depresses the surface potential and causes a shift in the isoelectric point ; but there the similarity ends . 
The reagin - globulin is rendered water - insoluble by its firm combination with the lipoid , exactly as any antibody is denatured upon combination with its specific antigen ( bacteria , red cells , or dissolved protein ) . 
The hydrophobic films of reagin have five times as great an affinity for each other as the original lipoid surfaces ; accordingly , the critical potential is raised from its original value of 1 to 5 millivolts to 10 to 15 millivolts , that of particles of denatured globulin or of any antigen - antibody complex , and relatively small quantities of electrolytes ( at serum pH , cations ) suffice to depress the stabilizing potential below this critical level , with resultant aggregation and flocculation . 
In brief , a specific globulin combines with the colloidal particles of the antigen , conferring upon them the unstable properties of a suspension of denatured protein . 
Like the antibody film on bacteria , or red cells , and unlike normal adsorbed protein , the reagin globulin on the lipoid particle can adsorb ( " fix " ) complement . 
When this protein film is destroyed by heat - coagulation , the complement - fixing property is lost ; concomitantly , the specific groups of the lipoid having been freed from the closely adherent reagin , the antigen becomes again active , able to react with more syphilitic serum . 
These changes in the properties of reagin globulin upon its combination with the lipoid antigen ( denaturation ) are in every sense analogous to those effected in any antibody by its specific antigen , and are probably due to the same , as yet unknown , factors . 
It has been suggested for bacterial and red cell " agglutinins " and protein " precipitins , " that the groups of the antibody determining its specificity are also those which endow it with its hydrophilic properties ; when these combine with antigen , residual free hydrophobic groups determine the surface properties of the complex . 
The same tentative hypothesis may be offered for the denaturation of reagin globulin by the lipoid antigen . 
The complete analogy between the flocculation reactions for syphilis and the so - called specific reactions ( bacterial and red cell agglutination ; protein precipitation ) suggests that like agglutinins , precipitins , etc . , reagin globulin represents an antibody response to products of infection . 
1 . 
Sera from individuals acutely ill with lobar pneumonia possess the capacity to precipitate in high titre a non - protein somatic fraction derived from pneumococci ( Fraction C ) . 
Following crisis the reaction is no longer demonstrable . 
2 . 
Sera obtained from cases of pneumococcus pneumonia during illness and convalescence have been tested for antibodies specifically reactive with three chemically distinct constituents of Pneumococcus . 
The results , when correlated with the course of disease , demonstrate differences in the occurrence of each qualitatively distinct antibody . 
3 . 
The precipitation of pneumococcus Fraction C is not limited to the sera of individuals ill with pneumococcus infection . 
But in the few other cases available for comparative tests , definite reactions have been obtained only in streptococcus and staphylococcus infections and in acute rheumatic fever . 
1 . 
Animals showing natural bacterial allergy to filtrates of B . lepisepticum survive infection by this organism more frequently than weak reactors . 
This increased resistance is manifested by better localization of infection . 
2 . 
Bacterial filtrates injected into skin 24 hours before infection exert a non - specific protection of that area against the organism , even in susceptible animals . 
The cells of this protected area seldom undergo necrosis when infected . 
3 . 
Severe injury of tissues either by chemicals or an antigen - antibody reaction produces a loss of local resistance even in immune animals . 
Mild injuries have the opposite effect . 
It is believed that in cases of severe injury , the affected areas undergo a segregation from the circulating antibodies . 
4 . 
When bacterial immune serum is injected with a protein antigen into the skin of a sensitized animal , a local alteration occurs in which substances necessary for the effective action of the immune serum are destroyed . 
5 . 
A protective action is restored to the altered immune serum by addition of complement to the lesion . 
6 . 
It is felt that allergy is not the chief mechanism in cellular resistance to infection , however data are advanced which suggest that allergy does exert local protection by acceleration of the immune processes and by rendering the cells locally refractory to further injury . 
7 . 
Chronic infection by a single strain of organism excites cellular reactivity to many strains of bacteria often unrelated biologically . 
Hence a non - specific mechanism for localizing infections throughout the body may be induced . 
1 . 
A rapid and simple method is given for the approximate determination of the specifically precipitable protein in Type I antipneumococcus sera . 
2 . 
It is shown that a close parallel exists between the specifically precipitable protein and the number of mouse protection units in a wide variety of Type I antipneumococcus sera . 
3 . 
Owing to the consistent results obtained and the rapidity , simplicity , and economy of the method , its use is proposed instead of the mouse protection test as a basis for the titration of standard sera and the comparison of others with a standard . 
4 . 
A method is given for conveniently preparing highly purified specific polysaccharide of Type I pneumococcus . 
Electromotive force measurements of cells without liquid junction , of the type Ag , AgCl , HCl + protein , H ( 2 ) , lead to the conclusion that 1 gm . 
of edestin ( or , more probably , edestan ) combines with a maximum of 13 . 4 x 10 ( - 4 ) equivalents of H ( + ) and 3 . 9 x 10 ( - 4 ) equivalents of Cl ( - ) , when the protein is dissolved in 0 . 1 M HCl . 
The author corroborates the data of Schmidt showing that the dissociation index of the third group of arginine is pK ( 3 ) ' = 12 . 5 . 
New titration data of edestin have been obtained in very alkaline solutions and show that there is a corresponding group with a titration index of pG ' = 12 . 0 , but present in much less quantity than can account for the arginine found on hydrolysis . 
The data support the theory that the combination of strong base or strong acid with proteins is produced by the formation of salts with the " extra groups " of those trivalent amino acids which can be isolated from the protein , with the exception of arginine . 
Arginine contributes to the titration curve in much smaller amount than is found on hydrolysis . 
This deficiency in the arginine group may be accounted for by the basic group in proteins having a titration index of pG ' = 3 . 8 to 4 . 6 ( depending on the protein ) , which apparently yields arginine on hydrolysis , and may properly be called prearginine . 
As a further test of the theory of tropin action proposed in the preceding paper artificial surfaces have been prepared , and have been found to be phagocytized according to prediction from the theory . 
Protein was adsorbed on collodion particles according to the technique of F . S . Jones . 
These particles were then agglutinated and prepared for phagocytosis by the corresponding protein precipitin sera . 
The precipitating , agglutinating , surface and tropin effects for each serum or serum globulin fraction have been found to be in satisfactory quantitative correspondence . 
All of these effects were serologically specific ; all remained almost unaffected by inactivation of the immune sera for 30 minutes at 56 degrees C . or by washing of the particles after sensitization . 
The surfaces of particles maximally sensitized by homologous rabbit immune serum or one of its globulin fractions have shown certain characteristic properties , i . e . , they were cohesive , had wetting properties characteristic for protein , and were isoelectric at pH . 
5 . 5 to 5 . 8 . 
The same set of properties were found for immune precipitate in the zone of maximal precipitation . 
The same properties have also been found for maximally sensitized acid - fast bacteria , and for maximally sensitized sheep erythrocytes . 
These results indicate , we believe , that precipitation , agglutination , the surface changes and increased phagocytosis are all consequences of one underlying phenomenon . 
This phenomenon is the specific chemcal combination with , and deposit on the surface of the antigen of antibody protein . 
The several serological reactions then follow as consequences of the properties of the sensitized surface and of the special environing conditions . 
The antibody is contained in the globulin fractions of immune serum , and appears to be a globulin with physico - chemical differences from normal serum globulin . 
Foreign protein such as horse serum injected into an inflamed peritoneal cavity penetrates into the blood stream less rapidly than when introduced into the normal cavity . 
Foreign protein injected into a cutaneous inflammatory area is held in situ for a longer period than when injected into an inflamed peritoneal cavity . 
Foreign protein introduced into the circulating blood stream accumulates in an inflamed area , where it is found in greater concentration than in normal tissue . 
Accumulation of foreign protein at the site of inflammation explains the phenomenon of local anaphylaxis described by Auer in rabbits sensitized to horse serum . 
The antigen accumulating in the inflamed ear reacts with antibody , intensifies a pre - existing inflammatory reaction and produces necrosis of the ear . 
The osmotic pressures and the membrane equilibrium of chloride ions have been determined for solutions of gelatin in equilibrium with solutions of magnesium chloride containing from 4 . 0 to 9 . 0 equivalents per litre . 
The pressures increase more rapidly than the concentration , an effect represented by a high value of the term " b " in van der Waals ' equation p ( V - b ) = RT . 
Calculations made by a thermodynamical formula which makes allowances for deviations from the ideal solution laws show that the high value of " b " is not due to an unequal distribution of diffusible ions . 
The theory that the high values of the hydration estimated from viscosity formulae account for the magnitude of " b " has been examined and the conclusion has been reached that the term " b " for gelatin as well as for haemoglobin is considerably larger than the volume of the protein hydrate . 
A method is described for the preparation of a crystalline protein from commercial pepsin preparations which has powerful peptic activity . 
The composition , optical activity , and proteolytic activity of this protein remain constant through seven successive crystallizations . 
No evidence for the presence of a mixture or of a solid solution is found in a study of the solubility of the protein in a series of different salt solutions , nor from the diffusion coefficient or from the rate of inactivation . 
These results indicate that the material is a pure substance or possibly a solid solution of two or more substances having nearly the same solubility in all the various solvents studied . 
It seems reasonable to conclude from these experiments that the possibility of a mixture must be limited to a mixture of proteins , so that the conclusion seems justified that pepsin itself is a protein . 
Two theories which predict different values for the ratio of V ( E ) , the electroendosmotic velocity of a liquid past a surface , to V ( p ) , the electric mobility of a particle of the same surface through the same liquid are discussed . 
The theory demanding that See PDF for Equation was supported by certain data of van der Grinten for a glass surface . 
Re - calculation of van der Grinten ' s data reveals that the ratio varies between 2 . 1 and 2 . 8 . 
These results are in accord with previous data of Abramson . 
It is pointed out that glass is unsuitable for the investigation . 
The ratio See PDF for Equation is here determined for a flat surface and particles when both are covered by the same proteins . 
Under these conditions See PDF for Equation The theory is similarly tested for a round surface using a micro - cataphoresis cell . 
It is shown that See PDF for Equation for a round surface is approximately 1 . 00 . 
These findings are confirmatory of previous data supporting the view that cataphoretic mobility is independent of the size and shape of the particles when all particles compared have similar surface constitutions . 
The CO ( 2 ) capacity of the serum is markedly lowered early in infection with Trypanosoma equiperdum . 
The non - protein nitrogen and uric acid constituents of the blood are increased in the terminal stages . 
The kidneys also show terminal degenerative changes . 
The cholesterol remains unchanged throughout . 
Lecithin is markedly increased , most of the observations showing a 20 per cent to 50 per cent rise in this substance . 
Liver glycogen is lower than normal in the early stages and could not be demonstrated in the later stages of the infection . 
The blood sugar remains normal until a very late period in the disease . 
1 . 
Rabbits receiving either intracutaneous or intravenous injections of crystalline egg albumin acquire a " skin sensitivity " but not an " eye sensitivity " to the albumin . 
2 . 
Rabbits receiving either intracutaneous or intravenous injections of the " nucleoprotein " of Pneumococcus acquire a specific " skin sensitivity " to the " nucleoprotein " but not an " eye sensitivity . 
" 3 . 
Rabbits receiving intravenous injections of a suspension of heat - killed pneumococci acquire a " skin hypersensitiveness " but not an " eye hypersensitiveness " to the " nucleoprotein . 
" 4 . 
The skin hypersensitiveness to the respective proteins is associated with the presence of antibodies in the blood and is transferable by the injection of serum from an actively sensitized to a normal rabbit . 
5 . 
Rabbits receiving intracutaneous injections of a suspension of heat - killed pneumococci also acquire a " skin hypersensitiveness " to the " nucleoprotein " of the cell , but they may acquire an eye hypersensitiveness as well . 
6 . 
Rabbits injected intracutaneously with a suspension of heat - killed pneumococci show a primary and a secondary skin reaction following the first injection . 
The intensity of the reactions increases with subsequent injections up to the fourth to the sixth injection . 
With later injections these reactions change in character and decrease in intensity . 
These reactions bear no apparent relation to the presence of antibodies in the blood . 
7 . 
Rabbits injected intracutaneously with a suspension of heat - killed pneumococci develop " eye hypersensitiveness " which , under the experimental conditions , is not transferable from " eye reactive " to normal rabbits . 
8 . 
It appears , therefore , that following the injection of heat - killed pneumococci into the skin a special kind of " eye " and " skin hypersensitiveness " develops which is not related to the presence of circulating antibodies and which cannot be transferred from the sensitive to normal rabbits . 
1 . 
About two - thirds of the rabbits injected intracutaneously with suspensions of heat - killed S or R pneumococci develop an increased eye reactivity . 
2 . 
Eye reactions in these animals may be elicited by the instillation of " nucleoprotein , " or of a solution of Pneumococcus from which the acid precipitable and heat coagulable proteins have been removed . 
The eye reactions are not elicited , under the conditions described , by living R cells or the protein - free , type - specific , polysaccharides . 
3 . 
Rabbits do not develop an increased eye reactivity following intravenous injections of the intact cell . 
4 . 
Rabbits do not develop an increased eye reactivity following injections of soluble derivatives of Pneumococcus . 
5 . 
Experimental infection by Pneumococcus may stimulate eye reactivity in rabbits . 
6 . 
Eye reactivity occurs in animals actively resistant to infection . 
7 . 
Eye reactions are observed more frequently in rabbits which show the secondary reaction . 
1 . 
A skin reaction elicited by the injection of the Pneumococcus " nucleoprotein , " or of a solution of the cells from which the acid and heat - coagulable proteins have been removed is described in rabbits which have previously received repeated intracutaneous injections of heat - killed pneumococci . 
2 . 
In terms of bacterial specificity , the skin reaction is considered to be not type - specific , but species - specific . 
3 . 
A similar skin reaction to the proteins of Pneumococcus occurs in rabbits following the repeated administration by the intravenous or intracutaneous route of the heat - killed organisms or their protein derivatives . 
4 . 
The skin reaction may occur independently of resistance to infection . 
5 . 
The skin reaction appears to be related to the presence of circulating species - specific antibodies . 
The specifcity and the nature of the phenomenon of local skin reactivity to various microorganisms have been studied . 
It has been shown that the skin preparatory and reacting factors of various biologically and serologically unrelated microorganisms are able to substitute for each other , provided they have the power of eliciting the phenomenon for themselves . 
Additional evidence has been brought concerning the antigenic specificity of the factors eliciting the phenomenon . 
A variety of nonbacterial substances which are able to increase the permeability of capillaries , elicit inflammation and " block " the reticulo - endothelial cells ; failed to induce the state of local skin reactivity to B . typhosus culture filtrate . 
Non - bacterial protein substances ( crystalline egg albumin and normal horse serum ) failed to reproduce the phenomenon . 
It was not possible to obtain passive transfer of the local skin reactivity . 
Various conditions influencing the potency of the bacterial culture filtrates have been pointed out . 
The essential nature of the phenomenon has been discussed together with its significance in relationship to disease . 
1 . 
By a procedure involving the use of acid acetone hemoglobin may be rapidly separated into a precipitate of denatured globin and an acetone solution of heme . 
2 . 
By neutralization procedures the denatured globin may be largely converted into a soluble , apparently native form which can combine with heme to form hemoglobin . 
3 . 
The heme may be obtained in acetone - free , slightly alkaline solution without the use of strong alkali which may modify the heme . 
The protective antibody content of normal cow serum is below that of colostrum of the same animal . 
The method used does not permit the titration of the actual amount of the antibody in serum . 
Quantities up to 2 cc . 
have no protective effect . 
The same limitations apply to the titration of milk owing to the introduction of large quantitites of foreign protein into the peritoneal cavity of the guinea pig . 
When cows were immunized and a serum of high titer obtained , the antibodies in the milk of such cows rose to within the range of the method of testing . 
The relation of the protective capacity of serum to that of milk was approximately 1 / 120 and 1 / 40 in the two animals . 
These figures do not differ much from those obtained by early investigators titrating the antitoxic content of serum and milk of animals undergoing immunization with diphtheria toxin . 
In the two experiments on calves , 2 ( 1 / 4 ) and 18 days old respectively , fed a highly protective serum , no increase in agglutinins or protective antibodies could be demonstrated . 
The postponement of colostrum to the 12th and 18th hour , respectively did not prevent normal growth . 
1 . 
The general adequacy of the bacteriostatic mechanism for the action of dyes which postulates a mass law equilibrium between bacteriostat and organism , which latter is pictured chemically as an ampholyte , is discussed . 
2 . 
It is shown that , even in blood , where , with safe concentrations of dye , there seems to be a significant excess of protein over dye , the stoichiometric excess of dye required by the above mechanism is available . 
3 . 
Experiments are presented indicating that the time required for such a bacteriostat to act is very short , being probably conditioned largely by speed of mixing or of penetration . 
4 . 
Apparent disappearance of dye from blood stream need not mean that the blood has lost bacteriostatic value . 
5 . 
Data are presented indicating that the behavior of dyes in causing flocculation of organisms is affected by the same factors and in the same way as in inhibiting growth . 
6 . 
Direct evidence of ionic combination between dye ion and protein ion is presented by noting conductivity decrease when the two ions are mixed , and also noting the displacement of H - ion from unionized protein by dye cation , or of OH - ion by dye anion . 
The bacterial growth inhibitory substance found in milk is called lactenin in this paper . 
It is stable for 1 ( 1 / 2 ) hours at pH 4 and at pH 10 and for longer periods in neutral solution . 
It is not associated with salts and carbohydrates and may be separated from them by dialysis . 
Lactenin is removed by agents which precipitate the proteins of whey . 
Part of these proteins may be hydrolyzed by tryptic digestion and the resulting split products , together with the salts and sugar , may then be removed by dialysis without appreciable loss of lactenic activity . 
This dialysis may be performed in a concentrating dialyzer , under sterile conditions and at low temperature , thus reducing the solution to small volume . 
The material may then be completely desiccated and kept 3 months with practically no loss of activity . 
The residue , on treating this dried material with salt solution , is 200 times as active as the original milk , on a dry weight basis . 
The size of hemolytic zones of the scarlet fever streptococcus grown on a medium containing lactenin is found to furnish a simple and reliable measure of lactenic activity . 
The serological properties of iodoproteins prepared by a method which involves less drastic treatment of the protein than the methods previously used for this purpose confirm the findings of Obermayer and Pick ( 1 ) and later authors , that iodination of proteins results in a more or less complete loss of species specificity and that a new specificity characteristic for iodoproteins is produced . 
A serological investigation of brominated proteins has been made for the first time . 
These preparations are only slightly different from iodized proteins in their serological properties . 
Evidence is submitted which indicates that the radical in iodoproteins which is responsible for the specificity is not iodine but the 3 : 5 dihalogenated tyrosine grouping . 
Thus marked inhibition of the iodoprotein ( or bromoprotein ) precipitin reactions is effected by 3 : 5 dihalogenated tyrosine , not by iodophenol or potassium iodide . 
A reinvestigation has been made of the serological properties of nitrated and diazotized proteins . 
Proteins nitrated by nitric acid , or by a method which does not appear to have been used for proteins hitherto , namely nitration with tetranitromethane in neutral or slightly alkaline solution , acquire a new common serological specificity . 
The nitrated proteins and diazotized proteins show , in confirmation of the results of Landsteiner and Prásek ( 22 ) and in contrast to the findings of Obermayer and Pick , very little difference in their reactions . 
Thus diazotized proteins and proteins nitrated by either of the two methods above mentioned react equally well with any nitroprotein antiserum . 
This interaction exists in spite of the difference in the substituents , either because the substitution with the nitro - or diazo - group occurs in the same position in the aromatic nucleus , possibly in the ortho position to the hydroxyl group , or because of some other structural similarity . 
In the last connection it is suggested that both compounds may have a quinoid structure as has been assumed for ortho - nitrophenols . 
Whilst this assumption could account for the marked serological difference of nitrated and halogenated proteins it should also be mentioned that iodination ( and bromination ) lead to a disubstitution of halogen in the two ortho positions relative to the hydroxyl group of the tyrosine whereas nitration of proteins probably results in the formation of mononitrotyrosine and substitution in the tryptophane group as well ( 19 , 36 , 20 - a ) . 
It is probably impossible therefore , to draw a strict analogy between nitration ( or diazotization ) and halogenation of proteins since a comparison of their immunological properties is not exactly a comparison of the effect of substituting a different group in the same position . 
Accordingly it would appear that as yet no definite conclusions can be drawn as to the serological effect of differences in the chemical nature of various substituents in the aromatic nucleus although some influence is likely for general reasons . 
All of the chemically altered proteins still retain a small amount of the original species specificity , and the antisera always react to a slightly greater extent with the homologous antigen than with similarly treated antigens prepared from heterologous sera . 
This difference occurs even when the possibility of some unaltered protein being present in the antigen can be practically excluded . 
1 . 
Photomicrographs of crystals of pure carbonmonoxide hemoglobin of the following species are presented ; ox , sheep , hog , dog , turkey , rat , horse , chicken and guinea pig . 
Photomicrographs of the oxyhemoglobin crystals of the following species are also shown : ox , sheep , hog , dog , rat , horse and guinea pig . 
The crystals were formed from the pure protein by adding a suitable amount of ethyl alcohol and maintaining a temperature of 0 degrees C . , or lower . 
2 . 
In some species a sufficient difference is shown between the carbonmonoxide hemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin crystals to distinguish these compounds , but the photographs of crystals of carbonmonoxide hemoglobin and oxyhemoglobin of some species , such as guinea pig , show no appreciable difference . 
3 . 
Differences between the carbonmonoxide hemoglobins , as well as between the oxyhemoglobins , of the different species studied are indicated . 
4 . 
The carbonmonoxide hemoglobin crystals from the bloods studied are species specific in their nature , and , in many cases , can be distinguished from the analogous oxyhemoglobin by crystallographic study . 
1 . 
Experiments are described in which it was observed that the yield of protein that can be synthesized by pepsin from a given peptic digest is highest when the hydrolyzing action of the pepsin is stopped as soon as all the protein has disappeared from the solution ; and that the longer the digest is permitted to contain active enzyme the more the yield diminishes . 
2 . 
Exposure of the digest to a hydrogen ion concentration of pH 1 . 6 in the absence of active enzyme , does not cause a diminution in the amount of protein which can be synthesized from that digest . 
3 . 
Synthesis can be effected also in concentrated solutions of isolated fractions of a peptic digest , i . e .  of proteose and of peptone . 
The yields are approximately the same as in similar concentrations of the whole digest , though the proteins so synthesized differ in some respects from those obtained from the whole digest . 
4 . 
The cessation of synthesis in any one digest is due to the attainment of equilibrium and not to the complete utilization of available synthesizeable material . 
The amount of the equilibrium yield , on the other hand , is dependent on the amount of synthesizeable material in the digest . 
5 . 
These observations are taken to show that the synthesizeability of a given mixture of protein cleavage products by pepsin depends upon its possession of a special complex in these products . 
This complex appears as a result of the primary hydrolysis of the protein molecule by pepsin and is decomposed in the slow secondary hydrolysis which ensues as digestion is prolonged . 
1 . 
The effect of human and rabbit sera on the cataphoretic mobility of glass and quartz particles , and of paraffin oil droplets , was studied in serum dilutions ( with 0 . 85 per cent NaCl ) from 1 : 50 to 1 : 1 , 000 , 000 , over a pH range of 3 . 6 to 9 . 3 . 
2 . 
Under the conditions described , these various types of particles adsorbed protein partially or completely from the most dilute solution giving these particles electrokinetic properties characteristic of certain proteins , probably here those of serum albumin . 
3 . 
Quartz particles and paraffin oil droplets both have an isoelectric point between 4 . 7 and 4 . 8 in a 1 : 50 serum dilution . 
4 . 
The biological importance of these findings is discussed . 
5 . 
A non - polarizable electrode composed of See PDF for Structure is described for use with cataphoresis cells . 
The method described above , based on the electrophoretic migration of bacteriophage particles into an agar gel and their subsequent re - suspension in a suitable medium , has the following advantages : It is simple and can be readily carried out on a comparatively large scale by merely inserting additional units between the same electrode cups . 
It requires but one extraction and the resulting phage suspension is strongly lytic , an average sample being capable of completely lysing susceptible bacteria at a dilution of 10 ( - 16 ) . 
The suspension contains no proteins demonstrable by the biuret , alcohol , xanthoproteic , Millon or Hopkins - Cole reactions and yields but 0 . 044 mg . N / cc . 
directly attributable to the phage . 
Each corpuscle contains no more nitrogen than a single molecule of protein . 
In addition the method is applicable to determinations of the electric charge carried by biologically active substances of small dimensions , e . g . , phage , toxins , and perhaps some viruses . 
It offers as well a possible means of purification of these substances . 
The purified bacteriophage obtained by such a procedure or similar ones is relatively unstable . 
Work now in progress indicates that it does not possess nearly the resistance to chemical agents , drying , etc . , that non - purified phage displays . 
It is suggested that experiments designed to test the therapeutic value of bacteriophage be conducted , when possible , with purified suspensions thereby avoiding any possibility of obscure non - specific reactions due to other constituents of the lysates . 
1 . 
The preparation from completely coagulated hemoglobin of crystalline soluble hemoglobin is described . 
2 . 
This soluble hemoglobin by all the tests tried has been indistinguishable from normal native hemoglobin which has never been coagulated . 
3 . 
The coagulation of hemoglobin is probably reversible . 
4 . 
Since hemoglobin is a typical coagulable protein , protein coagulation in general is probably reversible . 
I . a . Pneumococcus polysaccharides , when injected intradermally into patients convalescent from pneumonia , are capable of eliciting a response . 
The polysaccharide inducing a cutaneous reaction was found always to be homologous in type to that of the pneumococcus causing the infection . 
b . 
The character of the reaction incited by the protein - free bacterial sugars is of the immediate wheal and erythema type . 
c . A patient ' s capacity to react was found to be intimately associated both with recovery from infection and with the presence of type specific antibodies in the circulating blood . 
II . 
a . 
The so - called nucleo - protein of pneumococcus , when injected intradermally , also causes a local cutaneous reaction in patients during convalescence from lobar pneumonia . 
b . 
The local lesion resulting from the injection of protein is tuberculin - like in character , and differs from that evoked by the type - specific polysaccharides in gross appearance , time of development , and duration . 
c . Individuals , acutely ill with and convalescent from pneumococcus pneumonia , possess in their circulating blood , precipitins reactive with pneumococcus protein . 
In the observations recorded , the concentration of anti - protein antibodies in the blood serum did not seem to influence the patient ' s capacity to react to intradermal injection of the protein . 
1 . 
Guinea pigs passively sensitized with the serum of rabbits immunized with an artificially prepared sugar - protein ( gluco - globulin ) exhibit typical anaphylactic shock when subsequently inoculated with gluco - albumin ; the serum of rabbits immunized with a second synthetic sugar - protein ( galacto - globulin ) similarly sensitizes guinea pigs to galacto - albumin . 
The reactions , in each instance , are specific and depend for their specificity on the carbohydrate component , and not on the protein fraction of the synthesized sugar - protein . 
2 . 
Guinea pigs actively sensitized with gluco - globulin or galacto - globulin are similarly subject to anaphylactic shock , when injected , after 21 days , with sugar - proteins containing carbohydrate identical with that present in the sensitizing antigen , regardless of the kind of protein with which it is combined . 
3 . 
The unconjugated glucosides , although themselves not capable of inducing shock , inhibit the anaphylactic reaction when injected immediately prior to the introduction of the toxigenic sugar - protein . 
The protective action of the glucosides disappears within two hours after injection . 
In order to elicit the phenomenon , the carbohydrate must be the same as that combined in the sugar - protein complex . 
4 . 
Anaphylactic shock may be induced by uncombined globulin in guinea pigs passively sensitized with either antigluco - globulin serum or antigalacto - globulin serum ; globulin is similarly effective in animals actively sensitized with gluco - globulin or galacto - globulin . 
The reactions elicited by globulin alone are dependent upon the common protein present in the antigens , and exhibit only species specificity . 
1 . 
When two chemically different carbohydrate derivatives are bound to the same protein , the newly formed antigens exhibit distinct immunological specificity . 
2 . 
When the same carbohydrate radical is conjugated with two chemically different and serologically distinct proteins both of the sugar - proteins thus formed acquire a common serological specificity . 
3 . 
The newly acquired specificity of the artificially prepared sugar - proteins is determined by the chemical constitution of the carbohydrate radical attached to the protein molecules . 
Simple differences in the molecular configuration of the two isomers , - glucose and galactose - suffice to orientate protein specificity when the corresponding glucosides of the two sugars are coupled to the same protein . 
4 . 
The unconjugated glucosides , although themselves not precipitable in immune serum , inhibit the reaction between the homologous sugar - protein and its specific antibody . 
The inhibition test is specific . 
5 . 
The sugar derivatives unattached to protein exhibit the properties of carbohydrate haptens ; they are non - antigenic but specifically reactive , as shown by inhibition tests , with antibodies induced by proteins containing the homologous diazotized glucoside . 
6 . 
The specificity of artificially prepared sugar - proteins is discussed with reference to the chemo - immunological nature of the bacterial antigens containing complex sugars . 
It has been demonstrated that many multiples of minimal doses of Bacillus typhosus reacting factors can be neutralized by specific immune sera . 
The potency of a given serum can be conveniently titrated against increasing amounts of reacting factors . 
If the immune serum is diluted or if the amount of the reacting factors is too large for a given amount of serum , there is obtained neutralization but only irregularly . 
Normal and heterologous sera ( therapeutic meningococcus and erysipelas horse sera ) free of normal agglutinins or possessing normal agglutinins of a low titer ( 1 : 16 ) for Bacillus typhosus are not able to neutralize the reacting factors . 
There is obtained questionable neutralization with a serum possessing normal Bacillus typhosus agglutinins in dilution 1 : 64 . 
The titer of the neutralizing antibodies increases in the course of immunization . 
Immune sera exercise a definite protection against the mortality induced by intravenous injection of Bacillus typhosus culture filtrates . 
The effects of cathode rays on the proteins of serum appear to be ( 1 ) denaturation of a large proportion of the albumin and globulin with the formation of products that are soluble at the pH of the serum ; ( 2 ) the production of a tough and exceedingly insoluble substance on the window of the cell where most of the absorption of electrons occurs ; ( 3 ) a slight hydrolytic cleavage of the protein molecule producing a small quantity of products having properties so near to those of the protein that they are precipitated by trichloracetic acid but are not removed by coagulation at the isoelectric point ; ( 4 ) the production of a small amount of hydrolytic products not precipitated by trichloracetic acid ; and ( 5 ) the formation of a small amount of ammonia , part of which at least is derived from the urea in the serum . 
It is interesting to note that these changes are such as would bring about exactly those effects on fibroblasts which were observed when cultures were grown in serum which had been subjected to cathode ray irradiation . 
The proteins of serum have a retarding effect on the growth of fibroblasts . 
We might , therefore , expect their removal by denaturation and coagulation to result in the slightly larger growth which was observed . 
The production of SH groups in the denatured protein molecule would also tend to have a beneficial effect , as has been observed in experiments with denatured albumin . 
A concentration of protein split products equal to that in the irradiated sera has been observed to produce cells of characteristic appearance , full of cytoplasmic granulations and possessing long , active pseudopods , such as those noted in colonies cultivated in serum which had been subjected to cathode rays . 
1 . 
By complement fixation tests , it has been clearly demonstrated that the sera of rabbits immunized with inulin , soluble starch and dextrine contain specific antibodies . 
2 . 
All these immune sera gave a negative precipitation reaction . 
3 . 
The kind of dextrine which has a construction very near to starch has an antigenic property , but those in a state of further decomposition do not give rise to antibodies . 
4 . 
All the three kinds of polysaccharids have power to produce antibodies without any vehicle . 
Dextrine is the only one of the three that gives rise to immune bodies more readily when pig serum is added to it . 
5 . 
Regarded as antigens , inulin stood first and soluble starch and dextrine next in order . 
6 . 
All three kinds of polysaccharids that were employed gave a negative protein color reaction . 
All of them , however , contained nitrogen . 
It has been proved that the large portion of the nitrogen contained in the soluble starch is derived from its protein contents . 
7 . 
It is suggested that in the production of immune bodies by these three kinds of polysaccharids , proteins might play the part of the vehicle . 
This is , however , still to be determined . 
Brain and testicle tissue from immune rabbits brought in contact with the Levaditi or Noguchi strains of vaccine virus will fix or inactivate the virus . 
Extracts of normal testicles from susceptible animals enhance to an extraordinary degree the infectivity of both the neuro - and dermal strains of vaccine virus . 
The Noguchi virus is not affected by testicle extracts when injected into the skin , but kidney extract has a definite enhancing power on the strain when injected into either skin or testicle . 
The effect of tissue extracts seems to be on the cells of the host rather than on the virus . 
This is indicated by the fact that virus injected intravenously localizes most readily in an area of skin previously injected with testicle extract . 
Furthermore an enhanced lesion results if the virus is injected into an area as long as 3 days after the area has been injected with testicle extract . 
The augmenting substance of the tissue extracts is little affected by high dilutions , passes through a Berkefeld V candle and is carried down with the proteins precipitated by weak acids . 
Rabbits with enhanced lesions show general symptoms and about 25 per cent die with generalized vaccinia . 
Kidney , and probably skin , brain and liver extracts possess enhancing properties , but to a much less degree than the testicle . 
On the other hand , spleen , blood and probably lymph nodes and bone marrow not only fail to produce enhancement , but actually restrain or even suppress entirely the vaccinal skin infection . 
1 . 
Sensitization confers upon the red cell the property of adsorbing complement from solution . 
The submicroscopic film of immune serum protein deposited upon the cell surface during sensitization , and completely analogous to the precipitate formed in a soluble antigen - antibody reaction ( e . g . , sheep serum vs . rabbit anti - sheep serum ) acts as absorbent , the degree of sensitization ( size of the film ) determining the amount of complement " fixed " ( adsorbed ) . 
2 . 
This adsorption of complement by the sensitized cell is an essential preliminary to hemolysis , and when inhibited , even large quantities of demonstrably active complement have no hemolytic action . 
The marked influence of electrolytes and of the hydrogen ion concentration upon hemolysis is due primarily to corresponding effects upon the fixation of complement by the sensitized cell . 
In the case of salts with monovalent cations , complement fixation ( and hemolysis ) is completely inhibited at any concentration < 0 . 02 M or > 0 . 35 M . Electrolytes with bivalent cations are much more inhibitory , and in low as concentration 0 . 07 M completely prevent fixation ( and hemolysis ) . 
The optimal reaction for complement fixation ( and hemolysis ) is pH 6 . 5 to 8 . 0 . 
In slightly more acid range both are inhibited . 
But at a reaction pH 5 . 3 , and in the alkaline range , there is an irreversible inactivation of complement , complete at pH 4 . 8 and 8 . 8 respectively . 
It is perhaps more than a coincidence that complement fixation , and therefore , hemolysis , are prevented by just those factors which suppress the ionization of serum proteins , and lead to an increased aggregation state . 
Between a suspension of macroscopically visible particles of euglobulin in distilled water , and a solution is physiological saline , there is certainly a gradual transition , manifested at low electrolyte concentrations by the opacity of the solution . 
At pH 7 . 4 , globulin would ionize as a Na - salt , an ionization inhibited as the isoelectric point ( 5 . 3 ) is approached , with a coincident greater tendency of the globulin to separate from solution . 
And the cataphoretic velocity of particles of globulin , as well as all the other properties which are a function of its ionization ( viscosity , osmotic pressure , etc . 
) , are suppressed by electrolytes , the degree of suppression being determined by the concentration and valence of the cation ( on the alkaline side of the isoelectric point ) . 
The analogy with complement fixation is too complete to be dismissed as fortuitous . 
3 . 
The fact that the degree of complement " fixation " increases with the degree of sensitization explains one of the most puzzling phenomena in hemolysis , - that immune serum and complement are , to a certain extent , interchangeable , a decrease in either factor being compensated by an increase in the other ( 8 ) , ( 20 ) , ( 22 ) . 
The explanation is evident from Figs . 
1 , 2 , and 3 . 
The exact quantitative relationships involved will be developed in a later paper . 
With increasing sensitization there is an enormously more complete and more rapid fixation of complement , and correspondingly more rapid hemolysis , exactly the effect produced by increasing the quantity of complement instead of amboceptor ( Fig . 
3 ) . 
All other variables being constant , the velocity of hemolysis is determined by the amount of complement adsorbed . 
With more amboceptor , a greater proportion is " fixed " by the cell ; with more complement , a smaller proportion , but a larger absolute amount . 
The result is the same : more complement adsorbed , and a corresponding acceleration of hemolysis . 
If this mobilization of complement is the sole function of immuneserum ( and there is as yet no reason to assume any other ) , then the accepted terminology , in which amboceptor , immune body , and hemolysin are used synonymously , is erroneous . 
The immune body would function only as an " amboceptor , " mobilizing the effective hemolysin , complement , upon the surface of the cell . 
Nothing has been said of the multiple components into which complement may be split . 
A priori , it would be expected that the adsorption demonstrated is of the so called midpiece fraction . 
1 . 
Complement fixation is obtained in every antigen - antibody reaction involving the presence or formation of a heterogeneous phase ( red cells , bacteria , precipitate ) . 
2 . 
The physical constants of fixation ( temperature coefficient , velocity , quantitative relationships between the reactants ) are those commonly associated with adsorption processes , and are the same in the three types of fixation studied . 
3 . 
All the in vitro immune reactions involve an aggregation of immune - serum globulins upon the surface of the antigen . 
It has been shown that the " fixation " of complement is an adsorption by the aggregates so formed ; whether these aggregates are visible as a flocculent precipitate ( e . g . , sheep serum vs . anti - serum ) or concentrated as a surface film on a cellular antigen ( sensitized cells ; agglutinated bacteria ) , the reaction is fundamentally the same . 
4 . 
As yet , it is unknown whether this adsorption is determined by the physical state of the precipitate , and thus , differs only quantitatively from that by Kaolin , charcoal , normal bacteria , heat - denatured proteins , etc . 
; or whether the comparatively enormous avidity of these aggregates for complement is due to a specific chemical affinity . 
It would appear that inoculation of rhesus monkeys served a diagnostic purpose in one of our cases , that of S . R . The disease was so mild that in the absence of an epidemic no clinician would have made the diagnosis without this laboratory procedure . 
It should be pointed out that following inoculation of liver emulsion , and sometimes even of blood , it is impossible to tell whether an early fever resulting is due to a protein reaction , to bacterial infection , or to true yellow fever . 
If plenty of animals are available the only safe plan is to take blood for subinoculation and for cultures , and to feed mosquitoes . 
Blood may be kept frozen for some time before inoculation if it is found to be necessary , or if it is desired to await the outcome of the disease in the animal bled . 
A combined blood and liver transfer showed the presence of virus in rhesus No . 
46 twenty days after the original inoculation with kidney from the autopsy in the case of J . V . 0 . 
The same animal had had an infected body wall and a bacteriemia . 
On the basis of later experience we can see some of our mistakes . 
In the second S . R . passage ( rhesus No . 
133 ) blood transfer should have been made at the time of initial fever , the day following inoculation . 
In the case of rhesus No . 
60 , mosquito infection from J . V . 0 . , transfer probably should have been made when the temperature reached 103 . 9 degrees F . on the fifth day . 
Two days later , with a fever of 104 . 4 degrees F . , the blood appeared to be non - infective . 
A temperature of 104 degrees F . in monkeys is usually a safe borderline between fever and no fever , but seemingly not always . 
Our experience with the South American viruses so far indicates that it takes much care , patience , and an abundance of monkeys to build up and maintain a high degree of virulence . 
The chemical findings in the blood of 6 dogs with closed - loop obstruction of the upper jejunum are reported . 
The duration of life with closed loops is less than with simple obstruction . 
All animals showed a marked rise in non - protein nitrogen and urea nitrogen , and fall in chlorides . 
Usually the C0 ( 2 ) combining power of the plasma is increased . 
The findings in closed - loop obstruction are essentially the same as in simple intestinal obstruction . 
A comparative chemical study of the blood and the urine of the dog with experimental dehydration and with obstruction of the cardiac end of the stomach is reported . 
The average duration of life is slightly longer with dehydration than with obstruction . 
The urine output per kilo of body weight is almost twice as great in dehydration as with obstruction . 
The increase in non - protein nitrogen and urea nitrogen is much the same in the two groups although somewhat more marked with obstruction . 
The chlorides of the blood are markedly increased with dehydration and slightly decreased with obstruction . 
The increase in fibrinogen and total protein is twice as great with obstruction as with dehydration . 
These findings indicate that there must be some factor or factors in addition to dehydration producing the toxemia of cardiac obstruction . 
Specific precipitable substances rich in carbohydrates , containing very little protein and small amounts of a material apparently of fatty nature , have been prepared from the main serological types of the typhoid - paratyphoid groups . 
The preparations in their present state of purity do not exhibit very pronounced chemical differences in spite of serological dissimilarity . 
In this respect the results differ from those observed with the polysaccharides of pneumococci . 
The specificity of the precipitin reactions of these substances parallels in a general way the so called small flaking agglutination . 
Attempts to separate different fractions from the active substance serologically by means of precipitation with antibody solutions were on the whole unsuccessful . 
The differences in resistance to the action of acid and alkali were found to be characteristic for various specific carbohydrates . 
( 1 ) The growth - promoting principle of the anterior hypophysis may be salted out of the more crude extracts by means of sodium sulphate . 
( 2 ) Attempts to further fractionate the globulin group of proteins in which the growth - promoting principle comes down resulted in a division of the substances between the fractions . 
( 1 ) The effect of ethyl alcohol , fat and protein , or the amino acids , on sugar metabolism was determined directly . 
( 2 ) It was found that alcohol stimulated sugar metabolism almost as much as fat and protein . 
( 3 ) From this it is concluded that alcohol , in addition to serving as a source of heat and energy , may also serve another function of the foodstuffs , namely , that of stimulating metabolism . 
The present study permits the following conclusions . 
1 . 
Uranium nitrate in the dog has a high degree of selective affinity as a nephrotoxic for the epithelium of the proximal convoluted tubules . 
The glomeruli participate in the injury and develop obliterative connective tissue changes as evidence of a preexisting acute injury followed by repair . 
2 . 
The repair to the degenerated tubular epithelium is accomplished by two processes . 
First , by a regeneration of convoluted tubule cells from such cells not too severely injured in this location . 
This type of regenerated epithelium has no resistance to uranium . 
Second , the regeneration may occur as an ingrowth of cells or as syncytial buds from cells in the terminal portion of the proximal convoluted tubule or from the upper end of the descending limb of Henle ' s loop . 
This type of regenerated epithelium which is entirely different cytologically from normal convoluted tubule epithelium is resistant to a second injury from uranium even when the amount of this nephrotoxic agent has been increased to double the amount of the initial injection . 
3 . 
The kidney does not develop a local tissue immunity or resistance to uranium in the sense that cells of the same type once injured by it acquire as a result of the injury a resistance . 
The resistance and apparent but not real immunity is due to another type of cell with resistance having been substituted for a cell with but little resistance . 
This fact may be looked upon as constituting part of a defense mechanism in the kidney and may in part explain the long duration of certain types of chronic nephritic processes . 
4 . 
The functional studies which have been made during the initial injury from uranium to the tubules and during the secondary injury in animals which have either shown a resistance or a lack of resistance , emphasize the importance of the tubular epithelium as a part of a secretory mechanism in urine formation . 
During periods when the proximal convoluted tubule epithelium is in a state of acute degeneration there is a disturbance in the acid - base equilibrium of the blood , a reduction in the elimination of phenolsulphonephthalein and a retention of urea nitrogen , non - protein nitrogen and creatinine . 
When this epithelium is regenerated by the formation of a tubular epithelium normal in character for this location of the tubule , regardless of structural changes in the glomeruli , the above evidence of renal dysfunction returns to the normal . 
If at such a period this type of regenerated epithelium be injured by a secondary injection of uranium a state of acute renal dysfunction is induced in an intensified form . 
In those animals in which the repair to the tubules was accomplished by the formation of an atypical type of epithelium in the convoluted tubules as well as by the formation of cells normal in histological appearance for this part of the tubule there was an improvement in the degree of depletion of the reserve alkali of the blood , in the elimination of phenolsulphonephthalein and in the retention of urea nitrogen , non - protein nitrogen and creatinine . 
Certain of these values did not reach the normal . 
In such a state of renal repair when a second injection of uranium was given the kidney was found to have developed a marked resistance to it . 
There was but slight evidence of a depression in renal function . 
Associated with this acquired functional resistance there was no evidence of injury to the atypical , flattened regenerated epithelium of the proximal convoluted tubules . 
1 . 
A chronic nephritis was produced in the dog which involves all of the histological elements of the kidney by the use of one subcutaneous injection of 4 mg . of uranium nitrate per kilo . 
In such animals the sequence of the histological changes in the kidneys in correlation with their functional expression has been studied in dogs from the commencement of the ; injury until the chronic nehritis has existed for 5 years and 2 months . 
2 . 
As early as the 2nd day following the development of an acute nephritis , the animals became polyuric with an albuminous urine containing granular casts . 
There was a marked reduction in the elimination of phenolsulphonephthalein , or it failed to appear in the urine in a 2 hour period . 
The reserve alkali of the blood was reduced to as low as 7 . 8 and a retention occurred in urea nitrogen , non - protein nitrogen and creatinine . 
At such periods of renal functional depression there was slight evidence of structural glomerular injury but marked evidence of proximal convoluted tubule degeneration and necrosis . 
1 . 
The type - specific carbohydrates ( haptens ) of Pneumococcus Types I , II and III , when isolated in protein - free form , are devoid of the property of inducing active anaphylactic sensitization in guinea pigs . 
2 . 
The bacterial carbohydrates of Pneumococcus , of which the Type II and Type III substances are nitrogen - free , produce rapid and fatal anaphylactic shock in guinea pigs passively sensitized with the precipitating serum of rabbits immunized with pneumococci of the homologous type ; the reactions induced are type - specific . 
3 . 
In contrast to the positive results with immune rabbit serum , there is a complete absence of anaphylactic response to pneumococcus carbohydrate in guinea pigs passively sensitized with antipneumococcus horse serum . 
1 . 
It has been shown that the ash of liver , hemoglobin , and glutathione each exerts a very slight beneficial effect on the growth of sarcomatous fibroblasts of the rat , or on the condition of their cells when cultivated in a synthetic medium . 
2 . 
The addition of all three of these substances , or of only glutathione and hemoglobin , to a mixture of casein digest , glycocoll , and nucleic acid gives a medium in which sarcomatous fibroblasts of the rat proliferate for a considerable time as rapidly as in embryo juice . 
3 . 
The mixture is not as adequate a nutritive medium as embryo juice , for after a time dead cells are found surrounding the central fragment of the culture , and after several passages the growth becomes thinner . 
4 . 
The hypothesis is suggested that glutathione and hemoglobin may function not only by regulating the respiration and oxidation - reduction reactions within the cell , but also by regulating the oxidation - reduction potential of the medium . 
5 . 
It is suggested that the failure to obtain growth of fibroblasts in mixtures of amino acids or of the products of complete acid hydrolysis of proteins is in part due to the absence of glutathione , and that this substance is not synthetized by fibroblasts . 
6 . 
The growth of normal fibroblasts of the rat is also increased by the addition of the above mentioned substances to a synthetic medium . 
1 . 
Sheep serum in doses below 0 . 3 cc . 
intravenously produces no pulmonary vasoconstriction in the guinea pig . 
Guinea pigs have consequently been sensitized with this substance and anaphylactic shock produced by doses of O . 1 and 0 . 2 cc . 
2 . 
Pressure in the pulmonary artery has been measured by the method of Drinker and Went ( 2 ) and recorded photographically in a new and convenient manner . 
3 . 
At a very early stage in anaphylactic shock the pulmonary arterial pressure falls markedly and this fall seems to precede the appearance of bronchiolar obstruction . 
4 . 
The fall in pulmonary blood pressure in anaphylactic shock is in marked contrast to the rise in pressure resulting from intravenous injection of toxic foreign protein , such as horse serum . 
1 . 
Marked specific contractions of the uterine horns of guinea pigs , actively sensitized , to phage - lysed Flexner bacilli or to colon bacilli , lysed by the same bacteriophage , occurred on testing either series for anaphylaxis with the homologous phage lysates . 
These reactions , however , were not due to an antigenic function of the bacteriophage itself , because no reaction whatsoever occurred when the same bacteriophage , propagated on the heterologous organisms , was substituted in the anaphylactic test . 
2 . 
Specific uterine reactions of marked intensity were obtained in guinea pigs , actively sensitized to intact or autolyzed Flexner or colon bacilli , respectively , by testing either series for anaphylaxis with homologous , phage - free bacterial antigens . 
3 . 
No reaction occurred by testing the uterine strips of animals , sensitized to intact or autolyzed bacilli ( either Flexner or coli ) , for anaphylaxis with homologous phage lysates and , vice versa , there was no contraction of uterine strips sensitized to phage lysates upon contact with homologous bacterial autolysates . 
4 . 
The observations made in this paper suggest that a new and immunologically distinct antigenic complex arises from the bacterial protein after lysis of the organisms by the bacteriophage . 
Magnesium ions decrease the activity of divalent organic anions much more than the normal decrease produced by sodium ions . 
The effect is very large with short chain acids , particularly oxalic acid . 
The addition of sodium or potassium ions produces a marked decrease in the effect of magnesium diions on the activity of oxalate diions . 
Quantitative data on 0 . 005 molar solutions of oxalic diion over a wide range of concentrations of MgCl ( 2 ) and of NaCl ( or KCl ) show that the following equation is obeyed : See PDF for Equation where A is an empirical value dependent on the concentration of oxalate diion ( 0x ( = ) ) . 
This equation has been shown to hold down to zero ionic strength of Na ( + ) and K ( + ) , and hence to be valid in the physiological range . 
These observations are of biological interest since the activity of proteins should ( like oxalic acid ) show a similar antagonism . 
The titration data of edestin show that all the arginine found on hydrolysis exists in this protein as " prearginine . 
" The extra ionizable groups of histidine , lysine and tyrosine are free in the quantities found on hydrolysis . 
Part of the extra carboxyl groups of aspartic and glutamic acids are bound as amides , and 50 per cent are bound in some other manner ( perhaps anhydride ) leaving only about 6 per cent of these groups free to ionize in edestin . 
The prearginine in edestin is not converted into arginine on hydrolysis with pepsin up to 18 per cent ( of the total hydrolysis ) . 
In more highly hydrolyzed solutions it is not possible to detect such a conversion , due to high buffering . 
Complete hydrolysis however converts prearginine into arginine which can be isolated . 
Hydrolyzed edestin promotes the growth of sarcomatous fibroblasts about equally well whether 5 , 14 or 18 per cent hydrolyzed . 
A study is reported of the effect of different methods of treatment on the toxemia of cardiac obstruction . 
The average duration of life of untreated dogs is 3 days . 
Three dogs treated with 1 per cent salt solution subcutaneously lived 32 , 36 , and 45 days respectively without developing a toxemia . 
2 per cent glucose similarly given , does not alter the course of the toxemia . 
Concentrated salt solution in small quantities given directly into the jejunum prevents the marked rise in non - protein nitrogen but does not materially prolong life . 
Release of the obstruction does not change the course of the toxemia in untreated animals . 
The subcutaneous injection of 1 per cent sodium chloride solution after release of the obstruction causes a rapid return of the blood to normal and allows the animal to recover . 
A similar amount of fluid given as 2 per cent glucose does not alter the course of the toxemia after release of the obstruction . 
The toxemia characteristic of upper gastrointestinal tract obstruction may be produced by temporary obstruction of the pylorus . 
This procedure affords an opportunity for studying the toxemia in the absence of mechanical factors , operative risk , and infection . 
Animals which spontaneously recover from the toxemia may show a return of the blood chloride to normal when only distilled water is given . 
In such instances there must be a redistribution of the body store of chlorides . 
The administration of sodium chloride by mouth to animals which show a toxemia without evidence of spontaneous recovery causes a rapid return of the blood to normal . 
There is a marked diuresis with high nitrogen excretion during the toxemia . 
This is evidently due to the increased protein destruction . 
The return of the blood chlorides to normal causes a cessation of the increased protein destruction . 
1 . 
Both normal and sarcomatous fibroblasts of the rat utilize many different fragments of the protein molecule for their growth in vitro . 
Alpha and beta proteoses have approximately equal growth - promoting power . 
2 . 
A mixture of peptones , peptides , and amino acids , containing a negligible quantity of proteose , produces a temporary proliferation of normal fibroblasts , and an unlimited multiplication of sarcomatous fibroblasts , provided these substances are derived from liver which contains products of unknown nature that complete the nutritive effect of the protein degradation products . 
3 . 
Amino acids contribute to the nutrition of the cells , but are unable without the addition of peptides or polypeptides to support their life . 
4 . 
The proteolytic products are more toxic to normal than to sarcomatous fibroblasts . 
The hypothesis is suggested that the greater acidity produced by the large glycolysis of the sarcomatous cells may account for this difference through altering the speed of action of protein synthetizing enzymes . 
1 . 
Conditions under which gelatin may be salted out into two liquid layers at 35 degrees were studied . 
2 . 
The equilibria governing the amounts and composition of the layers salted out with sodium chloride are found to accord with the requirements of the phase rule for the quaternary system gelatin - sodium chloride - hydrogen ion - water . 
3 . 
So far , soaps and gelatin are found to be surprisingly similar in their behaviour and definite indications are given as to where further similarities may be sought . 
4 . 
It is evident from this work that the term " coagulation " as ordinarily applied to the salting out of proteins is definitely a misnomer . 
1 . 
A study of the blood chlorides , urea and non - protein nitrogen and the carbon dioxide - combining power in experimental general peritonitis is here reported . 
2 . 
The similarity between the chemical changes in high intestinal obstruction and general peritonitis is noted . 
These chemical changes suggest that the cause of death may be , at least in part , the same in the two diseases . 
The tests presented in Tables I , II , and III show that only in the higher concentration cross reactions do take place , and that there is definite specificity of the two sorts of immune sera for the homologous antigens . 
Thus it is easy to differentiate the l - and d - antigens in dilutions 1 : 100 and upwards . 
The occurrence of cross reactions can readily be ascribed to the fact that the l - and d - acids present in the two antigens are identical in every respect but the position of the groups connected with the asymetric carbon atom . 
The i - antigen reacts with both sorts of immune sera as could be expected since it must consist of a mixture of equal parts of l - and d - antigen . 
The reactions of the i - antigen appear to be only slightly weaker than those of the homologous ones owing to the fact that the intensity of the reactions diminishes but slowly with increasing dilution of the antigens . 
It is also to be considered that small differences cannot be judged very accurately . 
Tests with two l - and four d - immune sera not recorded in the tables confirmed the results already discussed . 
Considering that ferments are known to be adapted ordinarily to one type of steric isomers it may be worth noting that antibodies were formed by the same species of animals for optical antipodes . 
From the results summarized in Tables IV , a and IV , b one sees that the l - and d - immune sera also differentiate clearly between the l - and d - acids when they are not diazotized and not combined with protein . 
The l - acid inhibits much more the precipitation of the l - antigen by the homologous immune serum than the d - acid and the converse effect occurs if the inhibiting action is tested on the precipitation of d - antigen by d - immune serum . 
The inactive phenyl ( para - aminobenzoylamino ) acetic acid behaved in such tests as a mixture of l - and d - acids , i . e . , it acted markedly in both cases , more than the heterologous and less than the homologous acid . 
The experiments reported bring a definite proof for the view that the steric configuration of antigenic groups is one of the factors determining serological specificity . 
In the particular case under consideration the mere difference in the position of H and COOH as indicated in the following formulas sufficed to alter the reactivity . 
See PDF for Equation . 
The fact that steric isomers are acted upon selectively by immune sera may be supposed to play a significant part in the serological specificity of carbohydrates such as those discovered in bacterial antigens . 
1 . 
Protein fractions derived from tubercle bacilli are toxic to the interior of Amoeba dubia but have no action on the plasmalemma . 
2 . 
Phosphatide fractions dissolve the plasmalemma but have no effect on the internal cytoplasm . 
3 . 
The fatty acid fraction has a marked solvent action on the plasmalemma when brought in contact with the surface of the cell . 
When injected it may slowly penetrate the cytoplasm to dissolve the contiguous plasmalemma . 
4 . 
The polysaccharide fraction has no effect upon the surface membrane or upon the internal cytoplasm of Amoeba dubia . 
The fact is shown that collodion particles sensitized with various proteins adsorb sufficient protein to agglutinate in the presence of precipitin specific for the adsorbed protein . 
The amount of adsorption , judged by agglutination , is not dependent on the concentration of the sensitizing protein beyond a certain maximum . 
The agglutination resulting from the addition of immune serum to particles sensitized with protein is immunologically specific . 
Particles exposed to a number of antigenic substances in succession are agglutinated by all of the appropriate antisera . 
Particles exposed to immune serum and subsequently washed fail to agglutinate in the presence of antigen although some of the protein constituents of the immune serum are fixed upon them and its antibody content diminishes . 
The production of concentration P . D . 
' s across the skin of the frog is very intimately related to the pH of the applied solutions . 
On the alkaline side of an isoelectric point the dilute solution is electropositive ; on the acid side this solution becomes electronegative . 
When the pH is suddenly lowered from a value more alkaline than this isoelectric point to one considerably more acid the change in polarity may occur within a few seconds . 
The effect is reversible . 
When a series of unbuffered solutions at different pH values are applied reversal curves may be obtained . 
When the concentration gradient is . 1 N - . 001 N KCl the reversal points lie between pH 4 . 1 and 4 . 8 . 
When studied in acetate buffers this electromotive reversal is found to be closely correlated with the electrical charge upon the membrane , as determined by electroendosmosis through it . 
Reversal occurs between pH 4 . 9 and 5 . 2 . 
It is concluded that the electromotive behavior of this material is controlled by some ampholyte , or group of ampholytes , within the membrane . 
This ampholyte is probably a protein . 
On both sides of their isoelectric point these membranes , in common with protein membranes , behave as if they retarded or prevented the movement through them of ions of the same electrical sign as they themselves bear , while permitting the movement of ions of the opposite sign . 
It is suggested that this correlation arises because of electrostatic effects between the charged surfaces and ions in the solution . 
1 . 
The antigenic function of a pneumococcus vaccine made from the intact cell was compared with that derived fron a watery extract of the cell free from formed elements . 
In each instance , the immunity produced was dependent upon type - specific protective substance and not upon the elaboration of the common protein antibody . 
2 . 
The vaccine made from the intact cell resulted in both active and passive immunity which began on the 3rd day , increased markedly to the 5th , and remained approximately stationery to the 7th day . 
In the case of the Berkefeld filtrate of the shaken bacteria and the filtrate of the broth culture , the immunity began on the 4th day , increased to the 5th , and remained approximately stationery to the 7th day . 
The immunity produced by Pneumococcus Type I vaccine is greater than that produced by Type II . 
On the 3rd day , mice vaccinated with Type I vaccine resisted 100 , 000 minimal lethal doses , whereas mice immunized with Type II resisted 10 , 000 minimal lethal doses . 
On the 5th day , a larger percentage of mice survived these doses than on the 3rd day . 
3 . 
Certain factors related to the preparation and dosage of the vaccine are discussed . 
4 . 
As far as the time interval and the degree of immunity produced are concerned , these results suggest the possibility of employing pneumococcus vaccine in suitable doses in the treatment of lobar pneumonia . 
That an earlier activity of the immunity mechanism could actually be initiated in a patient with lobar pneumonia has still to be demonstrated . 
The virus of vesicular stomatitis is not readily killed by formalin . 
This chemical is one of a group which coagulates the proteins of the medium in which the virus is usually contained . 
It has already been found ( 7 ) that other reagents of the protein - coagulating group are not actively virucidal ) and the effect of formalin in this instance is therefore characteristic of the group . 
The so called formalinized vaccines which give rise to immunity can be shown to have done so because of the presence of living virus . 
A single injection of such so called " vaccine , " or of other material containing living virus , is capable of inducing immunity in guinea pigs . 
No protection , however , follows a single injection of dead virus . 
Furthermore , repeated inoculations of virus killed by formalin likewise fail to induce resistance against subsequent injections of the living virus . 
It is concluded , with respect to the virus of vesicular stomatitis , that the use of formalin has failed to solve the problem of active immunization with dead virus . 
Substances to be purified by dialysis are placed in collodion bags together with a toy " marble " or a bubble of air . 
The bags are stoppered and placed in glass tubes of a rocking machine . 
Distilled water of the desired temperature is circulated through the tubes ( around the bags ) at a rate of about 8 cc . 
per minute per bag while the machine is in motion . 
The rolling of the marbles or bubbles causes stirring which makes it possible to remove the salts from a protein solution in 24 to 48 hours . 
Analysis of the experimental titration curves shows that gelatin contains acid groups with dissociation indices at pH 2 . 9 to 3 . 5 corresponding quantitatively with the content in dicarboxylic amino acids ; and that the acidic group at pH 9 . 4 in egg albumin agrees with the amount of tyrosine . 
The amounts of histidine and lysine present in both these proteins agree quantitatively with basic groups at pH 6 . 1 and pH 10 . 4 to 10 . 6 , respectively . 
However , the quantity of the arginine group ( pH 8 . 1 ) in these proteins is considerably less than the amount of arginine found on hydrolysis . 
This deficiency is compensated ( quantitatively with gelatin and approximately with egg albumin ) by a basic group at pH 4 . 6 . 
The structure of this " 4 . 6 group " should be similar to aniline and cytosine in consisting of an amino group on a conjugated unsaturated ( perhaps cyclic ) system . 
It would appear that the 4 . 6 group is disrupted on hydrolysis , producing arginine , and may be referred to as " prearginine . 
" The presence of prearginine in proteins , instead of the full amount of arginine , has an important effect on the properties . 
Otherwise the isoelectric point of gelatin would be 8 . 0 ( instead of 4 . 7 ) and of egg albumin 6 . 6 ( instead of 4 . 8 ) , and the titration curves would be quite different in shape between pH 4 and 10 . 
Deamination of gelatin produces no decrease in prearginine , arginine , or histidine groups , but removes nearly all of the lysine group . 
1 . 
The combination of Cu ( + + ) , Ca ( + + ) , Mg ( + + ) , Al ( + + + ) , La ( + + + ) , K ( + ) , Ag ( + ) , and Cl ( - ) with gelatin has been determined . 
2 . 
The equivalent combining value for copper is about 0 . 9 millimols per gm . 
of gelatin and is therefore the same as that of hydrogen . 
The value for copper with deaminized gelatin is about 0 . 4 to 0 . 5 , again the same as that of hydrogen . 
The sum of the hydrogen and copper ions combined in the presence of an excess of either is 0 . 9 millimols showing that there is an equilibrium between the copper hydrogen and gelatin and that the copper and hydrogen are attached to the same group . 
3 . 
The equivalent combining value of La ( + + + ) and Al ( + + + ) is about 0 . 5 millimols per gm . 
of gelatin . 
This value is not significantly different with deaminized gelatin so that it is possible these salts combine only with groups not affected by deaminization . 
4 . 
No calcium is combined on the acid side of pH 3 . 
The value rises rapidly from pH 3 to 4 . 7 and then remains constant . 
5 . 
No combination of K , Li , Na , NO ( 3 ) or SO ( 4 ) could be detected . 
6 . 
Cl combines less than the di - and trivalent metals so that the protein is positive in CaCl ( 2 ) but negative in KCl . 
Idiosyncrasies are the expression of abnormal mental or physical reaction towards " agents . 
" An attempt is made to indicate the position of idiosyncrasies in a classified scheme of all abnormalities ; but bodily idiosyncrasies due to an " allergic " or hypersensitive response to agents are mainly considered in the present paper . 
Migraine and mucous colic ( " colitis mucosa " ) are discussed in connexion with Freeman ' s view of food idiosyncrasies , hay fever , asthma , urticaria , angioneurotic oedema , & c . , as manifestations of an " immunological abnormality or defect . 
" The hypothesis that idiosyncratic hypersensitiveness towards physical agents , such as light , heat , cold and mechanical trauma , may in reality be the expression of reaction towards a histamine - like body , or protein of some kind ( virtually a " foreign protein " ) liberated in the tissues by the physical agent in question , is referred to , according to the works of W . W . Duke and Sir Thomas Lewis and his co - workers , and the writings of Sir Humphry Rolleston on the subject . 
A somewhat analogous explanation is suggested for the following conditions : an abnormally hypersensitive ( eczema - like ) reaction towards formalin lotions ; epidermolysis bullosa ; constitutional factitious urticaria in otherwise healthy individuals not suffering from ordinary urticaria ; excessive liability to chilblains ; so - called " erythrocyanosis " of the lower parts of the legs in girls and young women , and some cases of Raynaud ' s disease . The significance of eosinophilia in cases of dermatitis herpetiformis and pemphigus is also alluded to . 
We have devised methods for the separation and isolation of the important indicator constituents of litmus , azolitmin , and erythrolitmin , with a view to employing them as vital stains . 
Analysis of the color intensities of these dyes shows slight differences in them , azolitmin being the weaker pigment , weight for weight . 
Study of a third coloring matter , erythrolein , which exists in litmus has shown it to be an unsatisfactory indicator , and toxic for animals . 
Analyses with the spectrophotometer of the absorption of light by erythrolitmin and azolitmin , prepared by our methods , and tested over a wide acid - alkali range , show them to be pure substances , comparable in this respect with synthetic indicators . 
The errors in the interpretation of the indicator phenomena on vital staining , which are incident to changes in the concentration of the dyes , are so slight as to be negligible . 
The salt and protein errors on the other hand are large . 
The factors responsible for the Donnan equilibrium fail to influence the distribution of the indicators between fluid and gelatin . 
Erythrolein was found useless when employed for vital staining , and azolitmin proved unsatisfactory since it colors poorly and is toxic . 
But erythrolitmin can be used to great advantage . 
It is readily absorbed , and in non - toxic doses stains intensely . 
The range of pH at which it changes from red to blue fits it for the demonstration of changes in the reaction of living tissues . 
By reason , however , of the salt and protein errors to which it is liable , the pH cannot be accurately ascertained . 
Intravital staining with erythrolitmin yields results similar to those following injection of purified " whole litmus . 
THE RESULTS OF THESE OBSERVATIONS MAY BE BRIEFLY SUMMARIZED AS FOLLOWS : Feeding of hematoporphyrin to white mice over long periods of time produced no apparent changes in these animals and had no effect upon their sensitivity to light . 
Albino and slightly pigmented mice and rats injected with hematoporphyrin were protected from the rays of the sun by staining them a blue - black color with Verhoeff ' s hematoxylin . 
The dioxyphenylalanine ( Dopa ) reaction revealed no changes in the cutaneous pigment of animals injected with hematoporphyrin and exposed to sunlight , kept in the dark or diffused daylight . 
It was therefore assumed that the natural pigment of the skin plays only a physical rôle in protecting animals injected with hematoporphyrin from sunlight . 
Exposure to sunlight of only the intestine and mesentery of a cat under ether anesthesia , which had been injected with hematoporphyrin , was followed by death of the animal . 
Repeated injections into white mice of large amounts of blood from guinea pigs in hematoporphyrin shock failed to produce symptoms of hematoporphyrin shock . 
In a parabiosis experiment , one of a pair of white rats promptly developed characteristic symptoms and died when injected with hematoporphyrin and exposed to sunlight , while the other animal , which was protected from light , but whose circulation had been demonstrated to connect freely with that of its partner , showed no changes during the entire procedure . 
It has , therefore , been impossible , so far , to demonstrate any substance present in the blood of animals in hematoporphyrin shock which is capable of reproducing this condition in other animals when introduced into the circulation . 
Injection of hematoporphyrin followed by exposure of the entire animal to sunlight has been found to produce physiological changes in cats similar to those observed in traumatic shock . 
There promptly occurred a rapid fall of blood pressure to a very low level and marked lowering of body temperature . 
The venous blood was found to be poor in oxygen , rich in carbon dioxide and to show low carbon dioxide - combining power . 
The respiration , which first was accelerated , later on became deep and irregular . 
The reflexes and typical blood pressure responses to cutaneous and vagal stimulation could always be obtained until death . 
Marked diminution of oxygen and increase of carbon dioxide content were found to occur in mixtures of blood and hematoporphyrin exposed in vitro to sunlight . 
These changes in the blood , identical with those occurring in vivo during hematoporphyrin shock , support Gaffron ' s views regarding the effect produced by the combined action of hematoporphyrin and light , but do not further elucidate the nature of the manner in which such alterations take place . 
Unsuccessful attempts were made to produce , in both cats and dogs , physiological changes similar to those observed in hematoporphyrin shock by exposing only the blood flowing through a quartz glass cannula , connecting the femoral artery and vein , to strong arclight and sunlight . 
In another series of animals , which were first injected with hematoporphyrin , exposure of the circulating blood alone to arclight or sunlight did not produce hematoporphyrin shock , although the blood pressure did fall to an unusually low level in one instance . 
No changes were found to occur in the amount of non - protein nitrogen , sugar or creatinine of the blood of animals in hematoporphyrin shock . 
The magnitude of the correction in the fifth column of Table III may be open to some doubt , as are all corrections of such a character , and the significance of the above experiment in the author ' s mind lies not so much in the actual magnitude of the values given in the last column of this table as in their comparative magnitudes . 
For this reason the entire experiment reported was performed in a single session using the same gelatin solution , so that , whatever the magnitude of the correction , it would be the same in all cases . 
Actually the results in the case of the acid titrations are in fair agreement with those of Hitchcock ( 8 ) . 
In the present experiment it is seen that , within the limits of experimental error , one gets the same value for the number of cc . 
of tenth normal acid bound by 1 gm . 
of gelatin whether one titrates with the acid or with the gelatin . 
In the case of the base there is a small difference , due probably to carbon dioxide , but this effect is in a direction opposite to that which one would expect on the assumption that it is due to appreciable adsorption . 
From this it is concluded that the binding due to adsorption in the case of gelatin is not significant compared to that due to chemical neutralization . 
The author realizes that gelatin is a poor choice for a basis of generalizations , and similar work is at present in progress on various other proteins . 
He does feel , however , that the conclusions of Hoffman and Gortner from their work on the prolamines may also be too widely generalized , and that , on the whole , the acid or alkali bound by adsorption in the case of proteins will not constitute the large majority of the total amounts bound , though certainly one will expect a certain amount of such binding in all cases . 
It also seems that before placing undue emphasis on the conclusions of these workers the possibilities of equivocal results due to specific technique should be considered . 
This technique consisted in introducing weighed amounts of dry protein into a definite volume of standard acid or base at the equilibrium temperature , in general , and , " after about 15 minutes , during which time the flask was shaken several times , " determining the pH of the equilibrium solution . 
Is it possible that the actual speed of solution of the protean is such that , even though reproducible results are obtained using identical technique , actual equilibrium conditions are approached only when comparatively high concentrations of acid or alkali are employed , in which cases the solution velocity of the protein may he expected to be greater , other factors remaining constant ? 
1 . 
The chemical and immunological characteristics of the species - specific substance ( C ) of Streptococcus haemolyticus are considered . 
( a ) It seems to be a carbohydrate because considerably purified preparations of C resisted prolonged tryptic and peptic digestion and were negative for the ordinary protein color tests but gave positive Molisch reactions to the limit of the precipitin titer . 
One such " purified " lot , however , had 4 . 2 per cent nitrogen and only 28 per cent reducing sugars on hydrolysis . 
Whether the nitrogen was due to impurities or was combined in the C substance itself , as is true of the Type I pneumococcus specific polysaccharide , cannot be stated without more material . 
( b ) The C substance forms precipitates with antibacterial sera prepared against heterologous , as well as against homologous hemolytic streptococci . 
These precipitates are typical discs like those formed by type - specific carbohydrates of other species of bacteria . 
C does not precipitate antinucleoprotein sera . 
( c ) While there is only slight direct evidence that the C substance is not antigenic , there is considerable indirect proof that this is the case . 
It probably is a haptene in the sense of Landsteiner . 
2 . 
A discussion is included of the chemical and immunological relationships of all the serologically active substances so far identified in extracts of the hemolytic streptococcus . 
The chemical and immunological characteristics of the type - specific substance ( M ) of Streptococcus haemolyticus are considered . 
1 . 
A summary of the evidence for the protein nature of this substance follows : ( a ) It is precipiated by the usual protein precipitants such as , dilute alcohol , dilute acetic acid , and picric acid . 
( b ) It contains 14 per cent protein nitrogen after considerable purification . 
( c ) It is progressively destroyed by removal of the NH ( 2 ) group by treatment with nitrous acid . 
( d ) It is completely and readily digested by trypsin and by pepsin . 
2 . 
" Purified " extracts react in relatively high dilution with homologous antibacterial sera , but do not precipitate most heterologous antibacterial sera or sera potent in non - type - specific antibodies for the group reactive nucleoprotein P or for the species - specific probable carbohydrate C . Attempts to immunize rabbits with the type - specific protein have been unsuccessful , with simple salt solution extracts of streptococci as well as with purified solutions . 
This protein seems , therefore , to have the characteristics of a haptene . 
The type - specific substance ( M ) is contrasted with the so called nucleoprotein ( P ) which shows group relationships with nucleoproteins of related species and is the only fraction of hemolytic streptococcus extracts so far obtained which , after separation from the bacterial cell , is a true antigen leading to antibody production when injected into rabbits . 
The occurrence of another non - type - specific protein ( Y ) is suggested by occasional cross - reactions of purified M with certain antibacterial sera . 
Since it has not been separated from extracts containing the type - specific M , little is known of it either chemically or serologically . 
The cross - reaction disappears on tryptic or peptic digestion of the extract . 
The fact that such extracts do not show cross - reactions with anti - P sera is evidence that this non - type - specific protein is not P . 
1 . 
In passively sensitized animals bacterial anaphylaxis has been produced , in vivo and in vitro , with haptens from B . lactis aerogenes , the pneumobacillus , and a yeast . 
2 . 
The smallest amount of hapten causing fatal anaphylaxis is less than the minimal amount of protein which will cause death in properly sensitized animals . 
3 . 
The haptens used were largely carbohydrates , and gave none of the protein reactions , but since they did contain a small amount of nitrogen we cannot yet assert positively that carbohydrate alone will produce shock . 
4 . 
Since haptens will not sensitize animals we must conclude that the anaphylactogenic and shock - producing parts of the antigen are not identical . 
5 . 
These experiments provide further evidence of the close relationship of precipitins to anaphylaxis . 
1 . 
The pepsin hydrolytic products of the pure proteins , crystalline egg albumin , crystalline edestin , and purified fibrin , are utilized by fibroblasts for their proliferation . 
It appears , therefore , that the growth of fibroblasts in fibrin digests and in the proteose of Witte ' s peptone is due to the split products of the protein itself and not to accompanying cellular constituents or other impurities . 
Preliminary denaturation of the protein , as carried out in these experiments , does not alter the nutritive properties of the digest . 
2 . 
The digests of the pure proteins employed are deficient in certain substances and do not meet the entire nutritive requirement of the cells for an unlimited period of time . 
Some supplementary nutritive substances are present in fresh embryonic heart tissue . 
This circumstance explains the growth of fibroblasts from fresh embryonic heart in digests which do not promote the growth of a pure strain of fibroblasts . 
3 . 
Glycocoll and nucleic acid have been found to supplement the nutritive action of pure protein digests for sarcomatous fibroblasts , and to increase greatly the length of life of the tissues . 
4 . 
Vegetable proteins , as well as animal proteins , yield proteolytic products which promote the multiplication of fibroblasts . 
It is shown that when dilute rabbit serum rich in agglutinin for the hog cholera bacillus is heated at 75 degrees C . for 20 minutes and the bacilli incubated with the heated serum , agglutination fails to result on the addition of unheated immune serum . 
When the immune serum is first heated to 80 degrees C . , it no longer greatly inhibits secondary agglutination when the organisms are exposed to fresh agglutinin . 
The abortion bacillus agglutinin acts in a similar manner except that the immune serum must be heated above 80 degrees C . for 20 minutes to prevent the second agglutination . 
The reactions are specific since control experiments with normal rabbit serum heated at various temperatures failed to influence further agglutination . 
It has also been shown by precipitation tests that there is definite fixation of serum proteins and bacterial cells with the heated sera which would prevent subsequent agglutination . 
Furthermore , heated antiserum which would prevent the secondary agglutination still possessed the property of deviating complement in a hemolytic series . 
The properties of the paracasein and casein preparations studied are compared in Table VI . 
See PDF for Structure I . Casein retains its characteristic solubility in NaOH : ( 1 ) after being exposed to a high degree of alkalinity during its preparation , ( 2 ) when recovered from partially hydrolyzed solutions in NaOH , and ( 3 ) after being kept for a prolonged time at the isoelectric point at 5 degrees C . II . 
It follows from I , that : ( 1 ) paracasein is not identical to casein modified by an excess of alkali , and that ( 2 ) this protein was not produced from casein by a partial hydrolysis of the latter in presence of NaOH . 
Attempts to confirm certain statements that ether - soluble specific substances can be obtained from B . typhosus have lead to negative results . 
Two serologically active protein substances and another that was non - protein have been separated from B . typhosus . 
The first two are not resistant to tryptic digestion or to treatment with alkaline hypochlorite solution whereas the third resists both . 
One of the proteins could be extracted with 75 per cent alcohol . 
Specific precipitable substances reacting like the non - protein substance of B . typhosus and containing large amounts of carbohydrates have been prepared from B . paratyphosus B , B . enteritidis , and Proteus HX19 and OX19 . 
Observations on the serological behaviour of these preparations are described . 
The investigation deals with the immunological differentiation of the hemotoxin and the " protein fraction " of Pneumococcus , and with a like differentiation of the antihemotoxin and the antiprotein precipitins . 
The distinction is made upon the basis of the following evidence : ( 1 ) The antigenic ( antibody - invoking and antibody - combining ) properties of the hemotoxin were destroyed by heat and oxidation treatments which did not cause the loss of the antigenic effectiveness of the " protein fraction . 
" ( 2 ) The removal of the hemotoxin from pneumococcus solutions by combination with erythrocytes caused no loss in the capacity of the solution to invoke the production of antiprotein precipitins nor in its capacity to react with antiprotein immune serum . 
Titrations of the antihemotoxin content of antipneumococcus horse serum ( both diagnostic and therapeutic ) indicated that the heating treatment of the immunization material is the most important factor in determining the antihemotoxin content of the immune sera obtained from horses , as well as of that from rabbits . 
A distinction was also made between the hemotoxin and the toxic substances ( " endotoxin " ) which cause the acute anaphylactoid death of rabbits . 
1 . 
Respiratory exchange measurements may be used for gaining further evidence concerning the body changes during anemia , and are complementary to the hematological and histological data . 
2 . 
The heat production during anemia was slightly decreased . 
At the 3rd week it began to rise . 
3 . 
A protein - free liver extract has accelerated blood regeneration and at the same time increased the respiratory exchange of anemic animals . 
4 . 
A protein - free spleen extract has distinctly lowered the respiratory exchange of normal animals . 
The metabolism of anemic animals thus treated was practically the same as before bleeding and treatment . 
The recovery of the spleen extract - treated animals was not complete during the period of observation . 
This extract may have been somewhat toxic . 
In spite of this disturbing factor we are not inclined to accept the view of C . D . and E . W . Leake ( 15 ) and Thalhimer ( 16 ) that the spleen takes part in the stimulating effect upon blood regeneration when given in combination with red bone marrow by mouth . 
1 . 
Far more information about the effect of serum or other substances upon the germicidal action of soaps can be obtained by determining the germicidal titers over a wide range of pH than by determining the titer at a single pH . 
In this way a characteristic curve for each test substance is obtained . 
2 . 
The curve for a particular concentration of serum bears a definite relationship to the curve for salt solution ( buffer ) alone . 
Wherever the titer in salt solution is high , very small amounts of serum greatly diminish that titer . 
Wherever the titer in salt solution is low , small amounts of serum leave the titer unchanged . 
Thus small additions of serum flatten the curves and make them more nearly horizontal . 
If further large amounts of serum are added , a further reduction in titer takes place at all reactions . 
3 . 
The calcium of serum has only a very slight effect upon the soap titer . 
4 . 
The protein of serum is probably inhibitory to soaps ; but the curve for partially defatted serum , and the curves for other protein substances tested , do not run parallel to the serum - soap curves . 
5 . 
The various lipoids that are known to be present in serum are inhibitory to the action of soaps , both as emulsions and as clear solutions . 
6 . 
The action of serum upon soaps may be regarded as a complex reaction , in which lipoids , protein , and , to a lesser extent , calcium salts take part . 
Their effect is due to the fact that these substances , by combining with the soaps , remove them from the field of germicidal action . 
1 . 
The clasmatocyte , the cell with the power of fragmenting tubercle bacilli , the cell making the lesion of the so called interstitial pneumonia , has been shown to be the overwhelming response to the special protein fractions , 304 and 903 . 
Multiple hemorrhages , high fever , and toxicity have marked the use of these fractions in every instance . 
2 . 
The epithelioid and the giant cell of the Langhans type , making typical tubercular tissue , have been the massive and specific response of the peritoneal cavity to intraperitoneal injections of the phosphatide fractions , A - 3 and A - 4 . 
These fractions have been entirely non - toxic in the dosages used . 
In spite of obvious possible sources of disturbance , the " velocity of killing " of organisms at supranormal temperatures , properly determined , tends to adhere to the Arrhenius equation for relation to temperature . 
Over certain ranges of temperature the relationship between log velocity of killing and 1 / T degrees abs . 
is linear . 
Interpreted as due to the thermal denaturing of protein , it is possible that differences between the temperature characteristics for the killing process in closely related forms may be suggestive in regard to the mechanism of the denaturing . 
The temperature limits within which the linear relationships appear may be classed among those temperature levels which are critical temperatures for protoplasmic organization . 
We are submitting this series of experiments as observed facts , realizing that there are so many uncertainties in this form of indirect observation that great caution must be exercised in drawing conclusions of any kind . 
The most serious of the possible errors involved is that the active substances which we have studied , the enzyme - the bacteriophage - and the several varieties of virus , may not be free in our suspensions , but are adsorbed to larger particles . 
The peculiar difficulties encountered in filtering herpes virus particularly suggest a source of error of this kind , and if we are right in assuming the intracellular position of this virus in the nervous tissue , it is more than likely that most of the virus obtained in suspension may be closely associated with protein particles derived from the cells . 
Keeping all this in mind , we may , nevertheless , derive a certain amount of information from our experiments as follows : 1 . 
The order of magnitudes of the pure proteins with which we have worked , - namely , crystallized egg albumen , crystallized serum albumen and purified casein , - follows the order of molecular weights of these substances as determined by Cohn . 
As far as casein is concerned , the size indicated by filtration in comparison with collargol is far greater than it should be by calculations which take a molecular weight of 192 , 000 as the point of departure . 
While one cannot be sure of the reason for this , there are many possible explanations such as considerable swelling of the casein partides , aggregation of molecules and the fact that casein is not at its isoelectric point under the conditions of filtration and surely present as a salt . 
2 . 
Trypsin , even in the certainly very impure condition in which we employed it , is but very slightly larger than serum albumen and distinctly smaller than casein . 
In its pure form it may well be much smaller even than our filtrations indicate , but certainly not larger . 
This relatively small size of trypsin may have considerable bearing upon the question of whether or not the lytic agents spoken of as " bacteriophage " are substances of the nature of enzymes , or whether they are more comparable to the filtrable virus , as supposed by d ' Hérelle . 
3 . 
Herpes virus , the Rous chicken sarcoma and a staphylococcus bacteriophage were all subjected to filtration at pH 7 . 2 and at hydrogen ion concentrations higher than 8 , which is given by Olitsky and Boëz as the isoelectric point of foot - and - mouth disease , but failed to pass membranes which , at the same pressures , were permeable for casein and collargol . 
The bacteriophage and the Rous sarcoma with considerable regularity passed through membranes which held back colloidal arsenic trisulfide . 
We have cited only a few of the experiments which were actually done , every one of the tests tabulated being merely representative of a number of others that were omitted for economy of space . 
The herpes virus we have had greater difficulty in filtering . 
We cite one experiment with a 2 per cent acetic - collodion membrane and another with a 1 . 5 per cent membrane through which the herpes virus passed , the membrane being so controlled that gross leakage could be excluded . 
We believe that the difficulty here is very largely due to the fact that in preparing the herpes virus for filtration it cannot be separated from considerable amounts of brain material , from which , perhaps , it is not easily dissociated . 
This would be natural if the herpes virus were intracellularly located , as we believe it to be . 
This experiment and similar ones , however , incline us to believe that the herpes virus is not far different from the Rous sarcoma virus and the bacteriophage , as far as filtration through membranes is concerned . 
It certainly is not smaller than either of these substances and probably , as we judge from a few experiments carried out at higher pressures , is not much larger . 
It may be assumed , therefore , that in the form in which we were able to procure the bacteriophage and the two varieties of virus investigated by us , they were of a magnitude larger than casein and collargol and smaller than colloidal arsenic . 
The weak point in drawing our conclusions is the fact that we were not in a position to measure for ourselves with any accuracy the actual sizes of collargol and arsenic trisulfide particles . 
Accepting the general views of Bechhold and others , however , our experiments would define the sizes of the separticular substances as larger than 20 mmicro and probably smaller than 100 mmicro . 
The order of magnitudes of the substances measured by us would then be as follows : Crystallized egg albumen Crystallized serum albumen Trypsin Collargol Casein Bacteriophage , Rous sarcoma virus , herpes virus Arsenic trisulfide Our experiments show little agreement with the work of Levaditi and Nicolau and of Levaditi , Nicolau and Galloway . 
In their recent filtration tests of foot - and - mouth disease this virus is reported by them as passing through membranes that held back trypsin , indicating a size much smaller than any of the viruses measured by us . 
Our results , on the other hand , are in actual measurements comparable to those of Olitsky and Boëz , not only in the fact that the viruses with which we worked correspond approximately to the size determined by them for foot - and - mouth disease , but that the percentage of collodion in membranes permeable for virus and impermeable for colloidal arsenic corresponds almost exactly to our own . 
This gives us confidence that the technique developed may be more easily standardized than we at first believed and that the method of ultrafiltration , owing to the great ease with which membranes of relatively standard size may be made , may have valuable applications in the investigation of bacteriological and immunological problems . 
Serum ( antigen ) when heated at a temperature sufficient to cause definite clouding reacts more intensely with a specific precipitin than a portion of the unheated serum or samples heated at lower temperatures . 
The phenomenon is explained on the basis that coagulated protein in suspension is covered with undenatured antigen and the addition of precipitin causes agglutination of the coagulated protein . 
Similar phenomena are obtained when bacteria or collodion particles are mixed with diluted serum ( antigen ) and precipitin added ; the particles or bacteria agglutinate and increase the visibility of the reaction . 
Further , it is shown that collodion particles sensitized with cow serum or crystallized egg albumin and subsequently washed until the washing fluid no longer contains the antigenic substance will agglutinate when small quantities of specific precipitin are added . 
Bacteria sensitized with cow serum and subsequently washed until cow serum no longer remains in the washing solution agglutinate when cow antiserum at fairly low concentration is added . 
It was not possible to show that bacteria soaked in crystallized egg albumin and subsequently washed retained on their surfaces sufficient undenatured egg albumin to react to crystallized egg albumin precipitin . 
The investigations described show that it is possible to extract specific substances from V . cholerae by means of hot dilute alcohol . 
This result cannot be attributed to the presence of bacilli in the extracts as would follow from the statements made by Prausnitz in his criticism of the work of Levaditi . 
The original extract contains protein and exhibits antigenic properties . 
From this preparation an almost protein - free product was obtained . 
It was fully active in the precipitin test but had lost almost completely the antigenic activity . 
Accordingly the latter preparation belongs to the class of substances described by Zinsser as residue antigens and studied chemically by Avery and Heidelberger . 
The fact that the immune sera resulting from the injections of the crude extracts acted upon the non - immunizing precipitable substance indicates that in the crude extract there is present an antigenic complex consisting of protein and the specific substance . 
Regarding its chemical nature it follows from the foregoing that the precipitable but non - immunizing substance is not a protein . 
On hydrolysis it yielded a considerable quantity of sugar although less than that given for the specific carbohydrates of pneumococci and B . friedlaenderi . 
The product contains nitrogen and phosphorus and on hydrolysis a substance of acid character separates from the solution . 
Accordingly the substance prepared would appear to have either a rather intricate structure or to be a complex carbohydrate , similar to those described by Avery and Heidelberger , but still containing impurities . 
This issue can probably be decided by further studies . 
The effects of the ingestion of diets containing different concentrations of protein on the remaining kidney in adult white rats after a unilateral nephrectomy has been studied . 
In the animals on the high protein diet ( 85 per cent casein ) , actual glomerular and tubular lesions were observed in the kidneys of animals maintained for 90 , 120 and 150 days after nephrectomy . 
In the animals on the standard ration , 18 per cent casein , no significant renal lesions were observed within the experimental period . 
Spontaneous focal lesions in the kidneys of rats maintained on Sherman ' s diets " A " and " B " were inconspicuous at the age of 350 days but became progressively more frequent and were commonly observed after 500 days . 
The animals on the high protein and standard rations were all under 350 days old at the completion of the experiment . 
It is suggested that the age factor is of importance in that young animals may have greater powers of adaptation in withstanding the injurious effect of high protein rations . 
The animals on the high protein ration excreted definitely larger quantities of protein in the urine , and showed a higher incidence of casts in periods roughly corresponding to those in which anatomic lesions were observed than did the rats on the standard diet . 
Acid - fast bacteria in the boundary surface between salt solution and a test oil ( tricaprylin ) are spontaneously wet and enveloped by the oil . 
This behavior contrasts with that of all other cells studied by the interfacial tension method . 
Four strains of human tubercle bacillus and an atypical bovine strain are an exception to the first statement above . 
These have possessed stability in the saline - oil interface ; this stability is slight , however , and not comparable with that of non - acid - fast bacteria . 
Acid - fast bacteria subjected to prolonged extraction with alcohol show resistance to wetting by oil comparable to that of non - acid - fast bacteria . 
These " defatted " bacteria nevertheless retain their acid - fast staining properties . 
Acid fastness cannot then depend on the integrity of a surface membrane . 
Study of the cataphoresis of acid - fast bacteria by Freund has rendered the presence of protein in the surface highly probable . 
We are forced then to regard the surface of acid - fast bacteria as complex , containing at least lipoid and protein . 
Not improbably also carbohydrate is present . 
The method of partial synthesis of antigens as employed in the foregoing experiments obviously cannot be substituted for the chemical study of natural antigens . 
But some questions of a rather general nature not easily accessible to investigations of the latter sort , may be approached by the use of artificial protein compounds . 
Thus the results reported indicate a peculiarity of certain chemical structures such as acid radicals . 
The group of immune sera obtained by injecting azoproteins made from non - acid azo components had a wide range of activity . 
Substituents like CH ( 3 ) , OCH ( 3 ) , NO ( 2 ) , Cl , Br , I , in the aromatic nucleus altered the reactions to a moderate degree only , in most cases . 
The effects were dependent more on the position than on the nature of the substituents . 
Two substances were found , however , which had a pronounced effect on the specificity of the compound protein , namely acetyl - para - phenylenediamine and para - aminoacetophenone . 
In consideration of the above facts it is uncertain whether the antigenic changes noticed by Obermayer and Pick ( 7 ) after treating proteins with nitric acid , nitrous acid or iodine are mainly due to the substitution of hydrogen in the benzene ring by NO ( 2 ) and I , as is the general belief , or to other changes of the protein . 
This question had been raised already by the observation that the proteins treated with HNO ( 3 ) or HNO ( 2 ) containing respectively the nitro or the diazo group , did not differ substantially in their serological properties ( 8 ) . 
The antigens made from acid compounds form a group with distinctive features . 
In the first place the presence of acid radicals destroys the reactivity with the immune sera for the non - acid substances . 
This influence is so marked that even the reaction with the species specific part of the protein , if such is present , appears to be diminished . 
Also the sera produced with the acid antigens react but feebly with the non - acid azoproteins . 
Accordingly it was possible to show that by hydrolysis of the ester of an aromatic acid contained in an azoprotein the serological reactions of the antigen underwent a radical change . 
The presence of a free carboxyl group in the antigens not only determines the characteristics mentioned but there is reason to believe that it increases markedly the degree of specificity exhibited by the antigens and the corresponding immune sera , when cross - tests are made with a number of acid azoproteins and their antisera . 
This is brought out by a comparison of the results of the present investigation with those described previously ( 3 ) . 
It is of interest in this respect that the specific carbohydrates found by Avery and Heidelberger in pneumococci and pneumobacilli are mostly , if not in all cases , compounds of distinctly acid character . 
1 . 
It was shown that the high viscosity of gelatin solutions as well as the character of the osmotic pressure - concentration curves indicates that gelatin is hydrated even at temperatures as high as 50 degrees C . 2 . 
The degree of hydration of gelatin was determined by means of viscosity measurements through the application of the formula See PDF for Equation . 
3 . 
When the concentration of gelatin was corrected for the volume of water of hydration as obtained from the viscosity measurements , the relation between the osmotic pressure of various concentrations of gelatin and the corrected concentrations became linear , thus making it possible to determine the apparent molecular weight of gelatin through the application of van ' t Hoff ' s law . 
The molecular weight of gelatin at 35 degrees C . proved to be 61 , 500 . 
4 . 
A study was made of the mechanism of hydration of gelatin and it was shown that the experimental data agree with the theory that the hydration of gelatin is a pure osmotic pressure phenomenon brought about by the presence in gelatin of a number of insoluble micellae containing a definite amount of a soluble ingredient of gelatin . 
As long as there is a difference in the osmotic pressure between the inside of the micellae and the outside gelatin solution the micellae swell until an equilibrium is established at which the osmotic pressure inside of the micellae is balanced by the total osmotic pressure of the gelatin solution and by the elasticity pressure of the micellae . 
5 . 
On addition of HCl to isoelectric gelatin the total activity of ions inside of the micellae is greater than in the outside solution due to a greater concentration of protein in the micellae . 
This brings about a further swelling of the micellae until a Donnan equilibrium is established in the ion distribution accompanied by an equilibrium in the osmotic pressure . 
Through the application of the theory developed here it was possible actually to calculate the osmotic pressure difference between the inside of the micellae and the outside solution which was brought about by the difference in the ion distribution . 
6 . 
According to the same theory the effect of pH on viscosity of gelatin should diminish with increase in concentration of gelatin , since the difference in the concentration of the protein inside and outside of the micellae also decreases . 
This was confirmed experimentally . 
At concentrations above 8 gm . 
per 100 gm . 
of H ( 2 ) O there is very little difference in the viscosity of gelatin of various pH as compared with that of isoelectric gelatin . 
No multiplication of the virus in vitro was observed . 
We have found , however , that the optimum conditions necessary for the preservation of the virus in artificial media are as follows : The hydrogen ion concentration of the medium should be 7 . 5 to 7 . 6 , not only at the beginning , but , and more important , at the conclusion of the period of observation . 
A strict anaerobic atmosphere is also favorable , as is a temperature below 37 degrees C . A semisolid structure of the medium appears to be advantageous and this can be effected by the use of ( 1 / 4 ) th per cent agar or 10 per cent gelatin . 
Of the two , the gelatin is more desirable , and of the latter the most effective material is gelatin from which the impurities have been most thoroughly removed , namely the gelatin employed by Loeb for his isoelectric determinations . 
This material is best adjusted to the proper hydrogen ion concentration ( 7 . 5 - 7 . 6 ) with potassium hydroxide and not with buffer phosphate . 
Gelatin is the simplest of protein media available and its employment is in keeping with the principle we have found that the requirements for life of the virus of foot - and - mouth disease are of the simplest . 
The addition of organic or complex protein substances , such as dextrose , broth , serum , lipoids , etc . , to a simple basic medium interferes with the effectiveness of the latter . 
It is thus not surprising that we were unable to confirm the cultural results of Frosch and Dahmen for neither their medium nor its components or their method satisfies the essential conditions necessary to maintain artificially the life of the virus . 
Furthermore , from the standpoint of technique it was found necessary when comparing 2 or more media for their value in preserving the incitant , to employ all of them in a parallel experiment with the same sample of virus , for the factors of potency of the active agent , contamination , and changes in hydrogen ion concentration , if variable , may give rise to faulty interpretations . 
Moreover , activity in 3 successive subplants may be regarded as mere preservation but not multiplication of the virus . 
Finally , we discuss the status of the virus from the point of view of its fluid or particulate , and its animate or inanimate , characters . 
The virus of foot - and - mouth disease exhibits a remarkable resistance to such bactericidal agents as the narcotic solvents ( alcohol , ether , chloroform ) , or such antiseptics as phenol , bichloride of mercury , or cresol , as shown by tests made by others and ourselves . 
We have shown , however , that the resistance of the incitant to these chemicals is really masked . 
It is due to the fact that the reagents coagulate the proteins of the medium in which the virus is , as a rule , suspended . 
As a result the active agent is protected by the coagula which prevents direct contact with the chemicals . 
On the other hand , if advantage is taken of the periodic phenomenon attending such processes , and coagulation is prevented , the virus can then be brought under direct action of the antiseptics . 
Under these conditions , the incitant is more sensitive to destruction by the chemicals than is the living staphylococcus . 
As a corollary , the virus is destroyed as rapidly , or even more so , than are staphylococci by substances such as sodium hydrate ( 1 to 2 per cent solutions ) , or antiformin ( 1 per cent solution ) which do not form coagula . 
We are therefore compelled to contradict the opinion that the extraordinary resistance to certain chemicals of the virus of foot - and - mouth disease , as it ordinarily occurs admixed with proteins , is an indication of its inanimate character . 
The results of a large series of experiments lead to the conclusion that of a number of antiseptics employed the sodium hydrate in 1 to 2 per cent solutions is an effective virucide . 
It is capable of killing the virus within 1 minute as shown by tests on cattle and guinea pigs . 
Furthermore , its effectiveness is not diminished even when the virulent material is admixed with cattle ' s urine , with manure , or with garden soil . 
The experimental evidence and the cheapness suggest its use in field practice as a disinfectant . 
Cataphoresis experiments show that the virus of foot - and - mouth disease carries , under ordinary conditions , an electropositive charge . 
Its isoelectric range is at the high point of pH = about 8 . 
Although cultivable bacteria are , as a rule , electronegative , yet certain protozoa , such as trypanosomes and spirochetes are also electropositive . 
In respect to charge , then , the virus is different from ordinary bacteria , but there is nothing in this finding to indicate an inanimate character of the incitant . 
A knowledge of the charge , however , aids in the interpretation of certain filtration phenomena , and indirectly in delimiting the size of the virus . 
In addition , it serves to explain its remarkable resistance to certain chemicals - a subject to be dealt with in the next paper of this series . 
Finally , cataphoresis indicates the possible separation of the virus from protein particles . 
Filtration experiments were made with different types of filters : Seitz , Berkefeld V and N , and Chamberland , of practically all sizes , collodion membranes , and Bechhold ' s ultrafilter . 
The results confirm the electropositive charge of the virus , as well as the minuteness of its size . 
Filtration was effected through the Seitz , Berkefeld , and Chamberland filters . 
In regard to the latter , the active agent passed through the L 11 only when its charge was shifted to negative : under ordinary conditions , carrying an electropositive charge , it failed to traverse this more dense wall , and was completely adsorbed in the oppositely charged barrier . 
Filtrations through electronegative collodion membranes , prepared in different ways and of varying thicknesses , resulted , as a rule , in failure , unless the thinnest and most permeable membranes were employed . 
But in these , the complication of microscopic holes was to be considered . 
Hence this method was regarded as impracticable . 
Success , however , was obtained with Bechhold ' s ultrafilter membranes of the most permeable type , and with these it was possible to measure relatively , by a system of " molecular " filtrations , the size of the incitant . 
This was found to be , in relation to other particles of like charge , between 20 and 100 mmicro in diameter . 
The filtration phenomena of the foot - and - mouth disease virus can be accounted for on the basis of the minute size of the particles of the incitant carrying an electropositive charge , and no evidence can be deduced therefrom that the virus is of a fluid character . 
For the relative size of the particles is constant and the invariability of the limits of measurement contradicts the notion that the incitant may be a " solute " varying in dimensions in different " solvents . 
1 . 
The water - insoluble globulin with which hemolysin is associated , may be separated from immune serum or plasma by dilution and simple dialysis at optimal pH . 
2 . 
This optimum in plasma is influenced by the presence of the fibrinogen . 
3 . 
Fibrinogen carries no immune body , or only an insignificant amount ; when present in immune body solutions in other form than fibrin gel , it depresses the hemolytic activity . 
The conditions for the formation of fibrin gel are similar to those for the formation of a gel by banana protein . 
4 . 
The hemolytic activity is a more labile property of the immune protein than the agglutinating activity ; hemolysin is destroyed , hemagglutinin shows an apparent increase , as a result of alcohol extraction . 
1 . 
Analyses have been made of the electrolytes and proteins of serum and transudates from human subjects . 
2 . 
The distribution ratios of HCO ( 3 ) , Cl , Na , and H ( + ) deviated from unity as predicted by the Gibbs - Donnan law for similar heterogeneous systems . 
3 . 
Analyses of serum , and of artificial salt solutions approximating edema fluid in composition , after equilibration across collodion membranes showed distributions similar to those between serum and edema fluid in vivo . 
1 . 
The solvent action of a neutral salt upon a protein , oxyhemoglobin , has been found identical to the solvent action of a neutral salt upon a bi - bivalent or uni - quadrivalent compound . 
2 . 
The solubility of oxyhemoglobin in phosphate solutions of varying ionic strength has been defined by the equation : log See PDF for Equation in which micro is the ionic strength , and S ( 0 ) is the solubility in the absence of salt . 
3 . 
The values of S ( 0 ) have been calculated to be 12 . 2 , 11 . 2 , and 13 . 1 gm . 
per liter respectively at pH 6 . 4 , 6 . 6 , and 6 . 8 . 
4 . 
The relatively great solubility of oxyhemoglobin in water has been ascribed to the strong affinity constants for acid and base of certain groups in oxyhemoglobin . 
5 . 
The small change in the solubility of oxyhemoglobin effected by neutral salts suggests that but few such groups are dissociated in oxyhemoglobin in the state in which it crystallizes near its isoelectric point . 
6 . 
Certain of the other properties of oxyhemoglobin , such as its low viscosity , are considered in the light of its molecular weight and its valence type . 
1 . 
No destruction of pepsin by heat is demonstrable at pH 1 . 6 until a temperature of 40 degrees C . is exceeded . 
2 . 
The influence of the backward reaction in peptic hydrolysis is shown in the diminishing rate at which increasing concentrations of protein are hydrolyzed . 
3 . 
The backward reaction causes the optimum for the hydrolysis of higher concentrations of protein to be attained at a lower temperature than with more dilute solutions . 
4 . 
The proteose and peptone associated with commercial pepsin retard hydrolysis in the same sense as the products due to the action of the enzyme . 
The bactericidal activity of fresh raw milk from a number of cows has been tested with the non - hemolytic mastitis streptococcus . 
By using this organism and other means we were able to rule out the action of agglutinin . 
The milk of all cows examined inhibited the growth of the streptococcus for definite periods . 
The length of the inhibition period varied ; the milk from some cows prevented growth for 8 hours , that of others for only 4 or 6 hours . 
The inhibitory action may be as strong in the milk of a young cow in its first lactation period as in that of an old cow known to be resistant to udder infection . 
It is possible to absorb the streptococcus inhibitory substance by first inoculating the milk with B . bovisepticus . 
We were unable to show that the substance was increased by artificial immunization of cows with the streptococcus . 
Whey obtained by the action of sterile rennet solution inhibited the growth of the streptococcus to about the same extent as the milk from which it was obtained . 
We infer that the substance originates in the udder since it differs from blood alexin in its resistance to heat , it is not increased in the whey although the blood proteins are more concentrated , and it is not increased in the milk when the cows are artificially immunized or repeatedly exposed to natural infection . 
The increased inhibiting action of serum with age on the growth of fibroblasts has been shown to be due to changes in both the lipoids and the proteins . 
Although the serum protein is less inhibiting than the serum lipoid , the rate at which their inhibiting action augments with age is approximately the same . 
The change in the serum protein with age is due to the disappearance of a small quantity of growth - stimulating substance , and also to an increase in concentration of inhibiting protein . 
The concentration of all protein fractions becomes larger as age advances . 
The greater inhibiting action of the lipoid is associated with a higher concentration of total lipoid and lecithin , and a smaller content of cholesterol as the animal grows older . 
The hypothesis is suggested that the inhibiting action of the serum is associated with its antienzymatic action . 
The rate of compensatory enlargement of the remaining kidney after unilateral nephrectomy has been studied in adult rats fed diets containing various concentrations of protein . 
A curve of enlargement on " standard " food ( 18 per cent casein ) shows a rapid initial increase with subsequent slower rise to the 120th day . 
There is no significant difference between the value at 120 days ( 44 per cent ) and that at 150 days ( 48 per cent ) . 
A similar series with diets containing increasing concentrations of protein but with a constant time interval ( 21 days ) after nephrectomy shows an increase in the degree of enlargement directly proportional to the protein content of the food . 
The values vary from 24 per cent with the 18 per cent casein ration to 77 per cent with the 90 per cent casein diet . 
A third series shows the enlargement on " high protein " food ( 85 per cent casein ) . 
The values vary from 49 per cent at 3 days to 121 per cent at 150 days . 
There is no significant difference between the value at 120 days ( 123 per cent ) and that at 150 days ( 121 per cent ) . 
Determinations of total solids on the experimental kidneys show that the recorded enlargement involves mainly an actual tissue increase . 
1 . 
Most of the products of the peptic hydrolysis of albumin , about 85 per cent of the total N , are primary in the sense that they arise directly from the protein molecule , and undergo no further hydrolysis . 
2 . 
A slow secondary hydrolysis , involving about 15 per cent of the total N , occurs in the proteose and simpler fractions primarily split off . 
3 . 
Acid metaprotein in peptic hydrolysis arises as a result of the action of acid . 
It is not an essential stage in the hydrolysis of undenatured albumin . 
4 . 
Acid metaprotein is hydrolyzed by pepsin more slowly under comparable conditions than undenatured albumin . 
Our experiments have confirmed the fact that the so called bacterial allergies are dependent upon a mechanism which differs materially from that determining true protein anaphylaxis . 
Anaphylaxis to protein substances of the bacteria probably occurs but plays a relatively unimportant rôle in the phenomena of infection . 
The bacterial allergies , however , are of great importance since they develop rapidly and render the infected animal highly vulnerable to products of the bacterial growth which are relatively innocuous for the normal animal . 
Neither the type - specific carbohydrate " residue antigens " ( the " soluble specific substances " of Avery and Heidelberger ) nor the antibodies reacting with them play any part whatever in bacterial allergy , and since these type - specific substances represent the haptophore groups of the whole bacteria by which they react with the agglutinins , precipitins , sensitizers , etc . , of immune serum , allergy , as previously determined by Mackenzie and Woo , is in no way related to that phase of resistance which is determined by these antibodies . 
This does not , however , preclude the possibility that allergic hypersusceptibility may not in some way be related to other factors of resistance more definitely associated with cellular rather than with intravascular reactions . 
Our previous studies with Jennings and Ward in tuberculosis point in this direction ( 20 ) . 
Guinea pigs can be actively sensitized with all the bacteria with which we have worked when repeated injections of whole bacteria or of the protein ( nucleoprotein ) fraction are administered . 
Large amounts of the latter are necessary since these materials are indifferent antigens , possibly because of the severe manipulations necessary in their production . 
Sensitiveness develops usually within 10 days after the first dose and increases with continued treatment for 3 or 4 weeks . 
Sensitiveness is relatively specific , by which we mean that there is a definite specificity which , however , in highly sensitive animals is not absolute and shows considerable overlapping . 
Continued treatment with considerable quantities of the above substances leads to gradual desensitization in animals in which there are no chronic foci present , which , as in tuberculosis , tends to continue the sensitization . 
Attempts at passive sensitization have been irregular and inconclusive . 
When any degree of sensitiveness has developed after the injection of immune sera , it has appeared late and has been of doubtful specificity . 
Conversely we have failed in any case to neutralize the activity of the active allergic constituents of bacterial extracts by incubation with any type of immune serum . 
We have failed so far to show any increased fixation of tuberculin material on the part of tuberculous tissues or on that of living tuberculous animals . 
These failures , however , seem to us of relatively slight importance since quantitative experiments of this nature are extremely difficult in the case of a substance as delicately potent for the tuberculous animal . 
On the other hand we have obtained definite , though irregular evidence that the incubation of O . T . 
with fragments of tuberculous lung tissue ( less clearly with other tissues ) leads to the formation of a substance that produces allergy - like lesions in the skin of normal guinea pigs . 
With somewhat greater regularity , similar treatment of O . T . 
has enhanced the potency of the tuberculin for tuberculous animals . 
And , in these experiments there was evidence that the factor responsible for this action was not easily separable from the cells themselves . 
When these experimental data are analytically considered they appear in many respects confusing and contradictory . 
There has been so much work done on the tuberculin reaction , moreover , that , in the face of experimental inconsistencies it would seem foolhardy to formulate more than tentative suggestions to explain the mechanism of these reactions . 
Nevertheless there are a few outstanding and sufficiently reliable facts which compel a limited number of definite deductions . 
In the first place there is no question of the complete independence of the true allergic phenomena from the ordinary bacterial antigen - antibody reactions . 
We know , moreover , that the allergic substance is chemically separable from the carbohydrate " residue " or haptophore group of the bacteria ( Mueller , Laidlaw and Dudley ) . 
Indeed it has been shown by Long and Seibert ( 21 ) that the active allergic substance is either a protein in itself , or at any rate closely associated with the bacterial protein . 
Furthermore , the distinct , though limited , specificity of the allergic sensitiveness compels the conclusion that we are dealing with an immunological process in which the tissue cells acquire an increased specific capacity to react with this nitrogenous material , a capacity which , in principle , is not far removed from the supposed " sessile receptor " apparatus which is conventionally held responsible for protein anaphylaxis ; and this analogy is further amplified by the apparent desensitization which continued treatment produced in many of our own experiments as well as in those of Mackenzie and Woo . 
Here , however , the analogy with protein anaphylaxis ends . 
Passive sensitization with any form of immune serum or with the sera of highly sensitized animals is either feeble or entirely unsuccessful and indicates quite convincingly that , whatever the receptor apparatus of the cells may be , it is not easily given up to the blood stream as are ordinary antibodies . 
Further than this , our tissue - tuberculin experiments , irregular and occasional as they were , nevertheless convinced us that : 1 . 
The contact with the tissues of tuberculous animals results in the production of a toxic factor , not unlike the autolytic toxic materials of some bacteria . 
2 . 
The active cell constituent by which this action is wrought , is not easily separated from the cells , even by energetic methods of extraction . 
This close association of the entire process with the cells themselves is particularly significant in view of the obvious cell injury in which these delayed allergic effects differ from the ordinary urticarial , evanescent reactions associated with protein anaphylaxis . 
The process of allergy , as far as we can approach it then , may be conceived as follows : A nitrogenous , probably protein , constituent of the bacterial growth or of its body substance stimulates a specific reaction in the tissue cell by which its specific capacity to establish contact with this constituent is enhanced . 
The cell is thereby enabled to exert a , probably , enzyme - like effect upon this material in consequence of which a toxic substance is liberated , largely upon or possibly within the cell itself . 
Both processes may be dependent upon one and the same reaction body . 
But it seems more likely that increased contact and the increased cell activity are separately developed , an assumption which is rendered probable by the association of the highest degrees of allergy with inflammatory cell reactions , and by the fact that moderate and less specific allergic sensitiveness follows 10 or more days after the administration of considerable amounts of indifferent protein substances to guinea pigs . 
We interpret this as signifying that such injections may non - speciffcally increase cellular activity , a change which many earlier workers have spoken of as " cell irritability . 
" Both processes are closely associated with the altered cell itself and the factors by which the reaction is brought about are not easily given up to the blood stream as are the antibodies formed in response to injections of proteins or whole bacteria . 
We are confronted , therefore , with an immunological mechanism which has some close analogies to those others in which circulating antibodies are formed , but which differs from these mainly in the intimacy with which the entire reacting system is associated with the cells themselves . 
It is difficult to conceive that a functional cell alteration , as profound as this , should be entirely unrelated to the phenomena of susceptibility or resistance . 
1 . 
The soluble specific substance of Friedländer ' s bacillus is non - antigenic when dissociated from the cell . 
It is different for each type and it is highly reactive in the corresponding anti - S serum . 
2 . 
The nucleoprotein is antigenic , induces the species or protein antibody which reacts with capsule - free cells and protein derived from all types . 
Antiprotein sera do not react with either the encapsulated cell or the polysaccharide derived from it , and they offer no protection against infection . 
3 . 
Anti - R and antiprotein sera are identical in their behavior . 
4 . 
The carbohydrate of Friedländer ' s bacillus is demonstrable in filtrates of actively growing cultures and in the blood and urine of infected animals . 
5 . 
The protein is demonstrable in filtrates of only old , disintegrating cultures . 
The normal reaction of the coelomic fluid in Patiria miniata and Asterias ochraceus is pH 7 . 6 , and of the caeca , 6 . 7 , compared with sea water at 8 . 3 , all without salt error correction . 
A medium at pH 6 . 7 - 7 . 0 is optimum for the caeca for ciliary survival and digestion of protein , and is maintained by carbon dioxide production . 
The optimum pH found for carbon dioxide production is a true one for the effect of hydrogen ion concentration on the tissue . 
It does not represent an elimination gradient for carbon dioxide . 
Because the normal excised caeca maintain a definite hydrogen ion concentration and change their internal environment toward that as an optimum during life , there exists a regulatory process which is an important vital function . 
FROM THE FOREGOING EVIDENCE , SPECIFIC BACTERIAL AGGLUTINATION MAY BE CONCEIVED OF AS FOLLOWS : When bacteria are mixed with their homologous agglutinative sera , specific union between organism and agglutinin occurs . 
This interaction consists of specific coating of the bacteria by globulin . 
By virtue of the fact , noted by Loeb and illustrated in Fig . 
6 , that protein film formation gives the coated particle the characteristics of denatured protein , the bacteria now take on the character of particles of denatured globulin . 
Particles of denatured protein flocculate whenever their charge is reduced by electrolyte to a critical level lying somewhere between 12 and 14 millivolts . 
This is true even when the salt is strong , as , unlike bacterial particles , their cohesive force is not readily depressed by salt . 
The sensitized bacteria , now being essentially particles of denatured protein , likewise agglutinate as soon as their charge is reduced by electrolyte to this potential level . 
The experiments are of interest in several respects . 
It is clear that crystallized egg albumen is rapidly eliminated from the circulation and in the experiments cited it could no longer be detected after 18 or 19 hours . 
A considerable portion of it rapidly passes through the kidney in an apparently unaltered state . 
Evidently this passage begins almost at once and may continue for a day or two . 
In an experiment not reported in this paper , egg albumen appeared in naturally voided urine 2 hours following its injection into the peritoneal cavity . 
In the experiments reported no urine was voided until 5 ( 1 / 2 ) and 6 ( 1 / 2 ) hours following intravenous administration , but in each instance egg albumen was present in considerable amounts . 
However , sufficient egg albumen must have been utilized to produce antibody . 
It is hardly to be expected that such a protein , whose elimination is so rapid , could persist unaltered within the body and reappear within the circulation coincident with its antibody . 
The behavior of the protein cannot be ascribed to alterations which may have taken place during the process of crystallization since Ascoli showed that the proteins of egg white readily pass from the circulation into the urine . 
Certain observations of the writer confirm this point . 
The experience of Alexander , Becke , and Holmes who exposed sensitized guinea pigs to sprays of dilute egg white with the result that 80 per cent of the animals developed symptoms of anaphylaxis , further strengthens the contention that certain of the membranes are readily permeable for the proteins of egg . 
The conditions following the injection of casein are different . 
There is no appreciable passage through the kidney . 
Casein is present within the circulation for a considerable period ; it could be detected in the blood serum 12 and 13 days after its introduction into the peritoneal cavity . 
Antibody appeared on the 7th and 8th days , respectively , so that both antigen and antibody were present in the serum for a period of 3 or 4 days . 
The phenomenon of antigen and antibody occurring together might be explained on the ground that certain proteins are utilized slowly and that the antibody found in the blood , usually after the 7th day , results from the portion of antigen first utilized . 
During the next few days a continual supply of antibody enters the circulation and during the period there is a steady utilization of the antigenic substance ; it is possible that during this time there is constant union of antigen and antibody within the blood , with the slow utilization of the antigen and a slight utilization of the antibody which is made up by a slow increase from the body cells . 
Thus there would be a period in which considerable antigen would be present with weak antibody , succeeded by a second period when the amount of antigen would be small with well defined antibody , and finally only antibody . 
Certain observations tend to support such a view . 
Bayne - Jones injected rabbits whose serum contained precipitin from egg albumen with this substance and noted the occurrence of both antigen and antibody for a period of 48 hours . 
Some of his experiments in vitro are equally suggestive . 
In one instance a rabbit well immunized with egg albumen was injected intravenously with this substance . 
An hour later it was bled and the stored serum refrigerated for a period . 
During this time there was a slow spontaneous precipitation with a decline in both precipitin and antigen titer , but even after 6 days both were present . 
After a longer period only antigen remained . 
P . A . Lewis and D . Loomis have shown that an injection of sheep red blood cells in guinea pigs results in a well defined hemolysin titer about the 9th day , followed by a definite decline , with a secondary rise in hemolysin until the peak is reached on the 20th day . 
It becomes evident , then , that the reaction of the rabbit to a single injection of a relatively pure protein will depend on the character of the protein injected . 
When crystallized egg albumen is administered it is rapidly eliminated from the circulation . 
The rapid disappearance of the egg albumen from the blood stream is partly accounted for by its prompt elimination through the urine . 
Antibody appears in the serum from the 7th to the 10th day . 
Casein behaves differently . 
It persists in the blood for a considerable period ; after the 7th or 8th day both antigen and antibody may be demonstrated in the blood . 
Casein cannot be detected in the urine following its injection into the body . 
The behavior of casein within the body affords an analogy with the conditions frequently noted after the administration of foreign serum , in both cases both antigen and antibody may be present in the circulation together . 
1 . 
Broth - grown cultures , cultures from blood agar slants and culture filtrates ( Berkefeld N or V ) of H . Streptococcus scarlatinae are without appreciable effect upon the rabbit , no matter how large the dose or by what route introduced . 
2 . 
The active toxic principle of H . Streptococcus scarlatinae for rabbits is intimately associated with the protein of the bacterial cell , and is not given off in the artificial medium during the growth activity of the organism , indicating , therefore , its endotoxic character . 
3 . 
The endotoxin is readily obtained from the viable scarlatinal cultures through the medium of the peritoneal cavity of the rabbit immunized against the homologous strain ( Pfeiffer phenomenon ) . 
The toxic substance thus obtained we have termed a lysate . 
4 . 
The rabbit is highly susceptible to the in vivo prepared lysate of Streptococcus scarlatinae , at least from the cultures we have employed . 
The degree of the toxic effect upon the rabbit depends upon the size of the dose and the route through which it is introduced . 
The specific effects range from mild to severe and fatal forms of toxemia as indicated by high fever , leucocytosis , paralysis and acute hemorrhagic glomerular nephritis . 
5 . 
The experimentally induced nephritic lesions are analogous in kind and variety to those of acute scarlatinal nephritis in man , including the " epithelial crescent " formation , hyaline thrombi of glomerular capillaries , hemorrhage into capsular space and necrosis of capillary tufts . 
1 . 
Animals immunized with the formalinized filtrates of young toxic cultures of B . botulinus produce an antitoxic serum poor in precipitins . 
2 . 
Animals immunized with the formalinized filtrates of old and partly autolyzed toxic cultures produce an antitoxic serum containing precipitins . 
3 . 
Animals immunized with toxin - free autolyzed bacteria produce a serum free from antitoxin but rich in specific precipitins . 
4 . 
Animals immunized with the filtrates of an atoxic variant produce a serum free from antitoxin but rich in precipitins for the homologous toxin . 
5 . 
Animals immunized with the washed bacteria of the atoxic variant produce a serum that contains no antitoxin , but is rich in precipitins for the homologous toxin . 
6 . 
Removal of the precipitins by flocculation with a non - toxic antigen does not materially reduce the antitoxic value of a serum . 
7 . 
Removal of the proteins of the antigen by add coagulation removes the specific precipitable substance . 
8 . 
All the sera that contain precipitins produce the specific flocculus when combined with homologous toxins , anatoxins , or with the filtrates of the atoxic variant . 
The flocculation is restricted within the type . 
The amount of the precipitate and the width of the zone vary approximately with the estimated amount of bacterial protein in the antigen that is used for the immunization of animals . 
We conclude , therefore , that the toxin - antitoxin flocculation is a specific bacterial precipitation phenomenon . 
1 . 
Animals immunized with the formalinized filtrates of young toxic cultures of B . botulinus produce an antitoxic serum poor in precipitins . 
2 . 
Animals immunized with the formalinized filtrates of old and partly autolyzed toxic cultures produce an antitoxic serum containing precipitins . 
3 . 
Animals immunized with toxin - free autolyzed bacteria produce a serum free from antitoxin but rich in specific precipitins . 
4 . 
Animals immunized with the filtrates of an atoxic variant produce a serum free from antitoxin but rich in precipitins for the homologous toxin . 
5 . 
Animals immunized with the washed bacteria of the atoxic variant produce a serum that contains no antitoxin , but is rich in precipitins for the homologous toxin . 
6 . 
Removal of the precipitins by flocculation with a non - toxic antigen does not materially reduce the antitoxic value of a serum . 
7 . 
Removal of the proteins of the antigen by add coagulation removes the specific precipitable substance . 
8 . 
All the sera that contain precipitins produce the specific flocculus when combined with homologous toxins , anatoxins , or with the filtrates of the atoxic variant . 
The flocculation is restricted within the type . 
The amount of the precipitate and the width of the zone vary approximately with the estimated amount of bacterial protein in the antigen that is used for the immunization of animals . 
We conclude , therefore , that the toxin - antitoxin flocculation is a specific bacterial precipitation phenomenon . 
1 . 
Fibroblasts and epithelial cells in pure culture obtain the nitrogen , which they build into protoplasm , from proteoses and possibly other primary derivatives of proteins . 
These proteoses have been prepared from embryo tissues , egg white , commercial fibrin , rabbit brain , Witte ' s peptone , etc . 
2 . 
The presence in embryo juice of a hormone that stimulates cell division is improbable . 
3 . 
Proteoses separated from peptic digests of fibrin by sodium sulfate determine a more abundant and prolonged multiplication of the fibroblasts than is produced by embryo juice . 
Peptones and the smaller split products appear to furnish some nutrient material , but do not cause the rapid proliferation characteristic of proteoses , and are sometimes toxic for tissue cells . 
4 . 
Possibly the effect of embryo juice on fibroblasts and epithelium is due to the splitting of the protein of the juice into proteoses by the cell enzymes , or by other enzymes activated by the presence of living cells . 
The permeability of gelatin - coated collodion membranes , as measured by the flow of water or of dilute solutions through the membranes , has been found to vary with the pH of the solutions . 
The permeability is greatest near the isoelectric point of the protein ; with increasing concentration of either acid or alkali it decreases , passes through a minimum , and then increases . 
These variations with pH are qualitatively in accord with the assumption that they are due to swelling of the gelatin in the pores of the membrane , the effects of pH being similar to those observed by Loeb on the swelling of gelatin granules . 
Indications have been found of a similar variable permeability in the case of membranes coated with egg albumin , edestin , serum euglobulin , and serum albumin . 
The ultrafilterable constituents of embryonic tissue extract are unable to support cell life in vitro . 
They stimulate cell migration and possibly multiplication , without increasing the mass of the tissue . 
Embryonic tissue extract freed from amino acids by dialysis still retains a considerable part of its growth - promoting properties . 
The area of growth of tissues in embryonic tissue extract free from amino acids is appreciably less than that with the whole extract , probably owing to the denaturation of part of the protein , or perhaps to the inactivation or loss of an enzyme . 
The addition of either the ultrafilterable components or an artificial mixture of amino acids to this dialyzed extract increases the area of cell migration but does not restore all the activity lost on dialysis . 
The observed differences in growth of tissue , due to the addition or removal of dialyzable and ultrafilterable constituents of the extract , prove that the amino acids produce a more active cell migration and possibly multiplication , but no building up of new protoplasm . 
The above experiments indicate that the growth - stimulating substance found in embryonic tissue extract , which has been responsible for the continuous growth of fibroblasts in vitro for 14 years , is either protein in nature or closely associated with the protein of the extract and adsorbed by it . 
If any specific hormone responsible for cell division is present , it is united to the protein or carried along with it in its first precipitation . 
It seems probable that the tissues utilize this protein for the nitrogen which they build into protoplasm . 
Whether it is first hydrolyzed before adsorption by the tissues has not been ascertained as yet . 
It has been shown in other experiments reported in the following paper that the amino acids of the tissue juice do not suffice for the growth of fibroblasts and that hydrolyzed tissue juice is toxic in the same way that a too concentrated mixture of amino acids is toxic . 
The results of the foregoing experiments may be summarized as follows : 1 . 
Fractionation of embryo tissue juice has shown that it is the protein fraction that contains the activating substance . 
2 . 
Tissues continue to grow for a long time in the protein of the extract precipitated by CO ( 2 ) and at a rate approximately equal to that in the original extract diluted to the same nitrogen concentration . 
3 . 
The non - protein nitrogen gives slight stimulation to growth . 
4 . 
Purification of the protein by repeated precipitation destroys its growth - promoting properties , but whether this is due to a denaturing of the protein , - which occurs very readily , - or to loss of some substance possibly an enzyme attached to it , has not been ascertained . 
5 . 
Preparations of purified proteins from embryonic tissue and egg white have shown no marked nutritive or stimulating action . 
A number of other pure substances have been tried without effect . 
INVESTIGATIONS OF THE CHICKEN EMBRYO DURING ITS INCUBATION PERIOD SHOW THAT : 1 . 
The pH and the chloride concentration of the tissues decrease with age ; the fall is most rapid between the 10th and the 13th days of incubation . 
2 . 
The concentration of total CO ( 2 ) increases with age . 
This fact is not considered inconsistent with a possible decrease in the concentration of active bicarbonate ions , since the increased CO ( 2 ) might well be the result of absorption of calcium carbonate from the shell and its precipitation as bone in the embryo . 
3 . 
The concentration of protein increases with age , especially between the 12th and the 16th days of incubation . 
The fact that the electrolytes change with the greatest rapidity at about 11 ( 1 / 2 ) days , the protein at 14 days , and the fat at 16 ( 1 / 2 ) days might be taken as a demonstration of the phenomenon of unequal development in the realm of biochemical differentiation and consequently that some notion of order , depending upon molecular reactivity and mobility would describe the process better than any concept of dynamic equilibrium . 
1 . 
A comparative study has been made of the diffusibility of calcium in solutions of crystalline egg albumin , serum globulin , and human blood serum . 
2 . 
In all three of these solutions , at pH 7 . 4 , molal Ca concentrations within the membrane are greater than the calcium concentrations in the outside solutions , quite in accordance with the Donnan theory . 
3 . 
At pH 7 . 4 , the ratio of See PDF for Structure varies directly with the protein concentration whether the solution be one of egg albumin , serum globulin , or blood serum . 
This is also in accordance with the Donnan theory . 
4 . 
On the acid side of the isoelectric point of the proteins , the concentration of Ca outside becomes greater than the concentration in the solution of blood serum or pure protein , as is demanded by the Donnan theory . 
5 . 
The magnitude of the Ca ratios on the alkaline and acid sides of the isoelectric points is probably the resultant of the Donnan equilibrium and the formation of complex Ca - protein ions . 
Northrop and Kunitz have shown the probability of the existence of such ions in the case of Zn ( + + ) , K ( + ) , and Li ( + ) , where satisfactory electrodes have been developed for E . M . F . 
measurements . 
1 . 
The effect of HCl , NaOH , CO ( 2 ) , and NH ( 3 ) on the volume of unfertilized Arbacia eggs was tested over a wide range of pH values . 
2 . 
No swelling occurred , except in HCl solutions , and there not until after injury or death had occurred . 
3 . 
Whereas the volume of erythrocytes and of proteins such as gelatin is known to be dependent on the pH of the solution , such a relation does not exist in the case of living and uninjured cells , at least of the type tested . 
1 . 
The range of free cholesterol in the blood of rabbits , as determined by the Windaus method , varies from 35 to 125 mg . with a mean of 71 mg . per 100 cc . 
of blood . 
2 . 
The small amount of cholesterol contained in the high protein diet used by us in earlier work and causing atherosclerosis does not affect the blood cholesterol nor does it cause arterial disease . 
3 . 
In order to produce atherosclerosis it is necessary to feed at least ten times that amount of cholesterol . 
4 . 
In rabbits receiving such amounts both hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis occur , but it is not possible to establish any close parallelism between the two . 
High blood readings are found in rabbits with normal aortae and atherosclerotic rabbits in this series sometimes have shown a normal blood cholesterol . 
5 . 
With still greater doses of cholesterol one finally reaches an amount which regularly produces hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis within a few weeks . 
6 . 
A new series of rabbits fed the high protein diet shows that those rabbits which become atherosclerotic also develop hypercholesterolemia . 
We attribute this elevation of the blood cholesterol to a metabolic disturbance directly referable to the excess of protein in the diet and not to its cholesterol content . 
These experiments appear to indicate that whatever substance in embryonic tissue extracts excites mitosis , and therefore would appear to be the growth - stimulating substance , is capable of passing through a collodion membrane which is impermeable to proteins , at all events in such concentration as would give rise to any biuret reaction . 
The substance is therefore diffusible . 
It seems well established that during normal lactation there passes a slight but well defined quantity of blood protein into the udder . 
When a specific serum precipitin is applied to diluted milk the reaction occurs at a relatively uniform level of dilution . 
This line may well be considered the normal level of blood protein elimination . 
In the main the serum protein level is the same when mastitis streptococci are present as when they are absent , provided they are not too numerous . 
On the other hand it has been shown that when streptococci are present in large numbers the milk while apparently normal reacts at dilutions considerably higher than the normal . 
In the non - lactating udder , particularly during the latter end of gestation , serum proteins accumulate . 
Little and Orcutt have shown that certain antibodies tend to become greatly concentrated within the udder . 
Howe and others have shown that the colostrum of cows is rich in blood proteins . 
It is to be noted , however , that colostrum while rich in serum proteins usually reacts with serum precipitin to about one - half the titer of the blood serum itself . 
It may well be that certain proteins of the blood passing into the acini are reabsorbed , leaving a portion of the antigen within the udder . 
Thus a gradual accumulation of antigen may occur . 
Shortly after parturition the udder may be drained with a consequent marked fall in serum content . 
There , however , apparently exists for the next few days considerable permeability of the capillaries for serum proteins . 
This is borne out by the reaction of the milk to the serum precipitin , since it may react above the normal level for as long as 10 days or 2 weeks after parturition . 
During the course of inflammation there may occur a considerable outpouring of blood protein . 
In the severe cases the exudate may give a titer at as great a dilution as the blood serum . 
In other milder cases where the inflammation may be confined only to the mucosa of the milk cystern , there is usually little that is abnormal in the appearance of the milk . 
The precipitin test , however , indicates that serum proteins are present in definitely greater concentration than in normal milk . 
Of practical interest is the effect of heating the milk on the reaction of serum precipitin . 
Milk heated to a temperature as high as 66 degrees C . for 20 minutes will react at the same dilutions as the raw milk . 
Milk pasteurized at 68 - 69 degrees C . for 20 minutes will no longer react . 
The precipitin test , then , affords a ready means of detecting milk heated above 68 - 69 degrees C . It is assumed that the precipitin test may have some further practical application . 
The evidence presented indicates a well defined serum proportion in the milk which may be increased during inflammation of the udder . 
The experiments in which mastitis exudate was mixed with varying quantities of market milk indicate that such mixtures can readily be detected with serum precipitin . 
It seems not improbable that some such procedure might be applied as a presumptive test to the product of small herds or to the mixed milk of a number of cows . 
1 . 
The water , ash , glycogen , nitrogen , and ether extract content of the tissues of chicken embryos were determined between the 5th and the 19th days of incubation . 
2 . 
It was found that the concentration of solid substance changed from approximately 5 to 17 per cent during this interval . 
The chief change in the organic substances involved a relative decrease in the nitrogen as compared with the fat . 
3 . 
Bomb calorimetric estimations confirmed these findings . 
It was shown that the calorific value of the dried substance increased with age . 
4 . 
The rate of growth of the total solids , and of the potential energy of the tissues was estimated . 
5 Various theoretical considerations were brought forward dealing chiefly with the order in which the chief organic substances , carbohydrate , protein , and fat could be ranged when judged by various criteria . 
A method is described for measuring membrane potentials of gelatin - salt solutions , and it is pointed out that such measurements , together with the analysis of the solutions , allow the calculation of the concentration of ions combined with the protein . 
The values for the combined ions obtained in this way for ZnCl ( 2 ) , KCl , LiCl , and HCl agree quite well with those obtained by direct concentration cell measurements . 
1 . 
It seems first of all clear from our results that the effect of electrolytes upon electrophoretic charge is essentially the same , whether one is dealing with silica dust , bacteria , or yeast cells , although certain quantitative differences appear which will later be discussed . 
2 . 
The normal negative charge on the suspended particles appears to be slightly increased by very low concentrations of electrolytes , markedly so in the case of yeast cells . 
Increase in charge due to minimal concentrations of electrolytes has been recorded by Loeb ( 1922 ) for collodion particles . 
3 . 
Higher concentrations of electrolytes cause a marked and progressive decrease in negative charge , sometimes leading to an isopotential condition and sometimes to a complete reversal of charge with active migration toward the cathode . 
This effect is apparently due to the cation alone and increases with the valency of the cation , except that the H ion shows specially marked activity , between that of bivalent and trivalent ions . 
Since NaOH behaves like an ordinary univalent salt , increased alkalinity of a solution does not further depress the charge already depressed by salts ; but , since the H ion is much more active than other univalent or bivalent ions , increased acidity does cause a further progressive depression of charge , even in salt solutions . 
Certain electrolytes appear to show individual peculiarities due to something else than their valency . 
Thus KCl for example is distinctly more effective than NaCl . 
Sodium chloride in general appears to exert less influence upon electrophoretic charge , either in low or high dilution , than do other compounds of univalent ions studied . 
This depressing effect of moderately high concentrations of electrolytes is much less marked with yeast cells than with Bacterium coli . 
Silica dust is still less affected by monovalent and bivalent ions than are the yeast cells but appears to be more affected than either yeast or Bacterium coli by AlCl ( 3 ) . 
4 . 
Very high concentrations of AlCl ( 3 ) ( above 10 ( - 2 ) M ) show a third effect , a decrease of the positive charge produced by concentrations of moderate molar strength . 
This is analogous to phenomena observed for trivalent salts by Northrop and De Kruif ( 1921 - 22 ) and for acid by Winslow , Falk , and Caulfield ( 1923 - 24 ) . 
5 . 
Organic substances , such as glucose , glycerol , and saponin produce no effect on electrophoretic velocity until they reach a concentration at which viscosity changes are involved . 
6 . 
The first two results observed , - ( a ) the increase in charge as a result of slight additions of electrolytes , and ( b ) the marked decrease in charge with further concentration of electrolytes , depending on the valency of the cation , so far as vegetable cells are concerned , are entirely in accord with the theory of the Donnan equilibrium as worked out by Loeb ( 1922 ) . 
We might assume in explaining such phenomena that the plant cell contains a certain proportion of unbound protein material and that the first modicum of cation which enters the cell is bound by the protein , leading to an increase in the relative negative charge of the cell as compared with its menstruum , while subsequent increments of cation remain unbound in the cell and thus lower its charge . 
When we find , however , that the same phenomena are apparent with collodion particles , as shown by Loeb , and with silica dust , it seems difficult to apply such a theory , involving the conceptions of a permeable membrane and unbound organic compounds . 
Loeb ( 1923 - 24 ) suggests that the primary increase may be due to an aggregation of anions in the part of the electrical double layer adjacent to the suspended particles ; but why there should be first an aggregation of anions and later ( with increasing concentration ) an aggregation of cations , is not easy to conceive . 
The third result , - the reversion to a more negative charge in the presence of a marked excess of trivalent ions , - is again difficult to explain . 
Loeb , in this connection , postulates the existence of complex ion - protein compounds , which can scarcely be assumed in the case of the silica particles . 
A non - protein gum has been isolated from broth filtrates of human tubercle bacilli grown on a simple medium . 
It fixes complement and precipitates in high dilution in the presence of homologous immune serum , but fails to give a skin test in tuberculous animals . 
The preparation and some of the chemical properties of the substance are described . 
The interfacial tension method has been applied to the study of the surface composition of mammalian blood cells and to certain other particles . 
Unsensitized erythrocytes and stromata possess only a small margin of stability in the interface and pass readily into the oil phase . 
Specifically sensitized erythrocytes and stromata possess much greater stability in the interface and pass into the oil only with considerable mechanical aid ; characteristic deformations of the erythrocyte surface or the interface or both often result . 
With special immune sera prepared by Landsteiner and van der Scheer the quantitative relations are such as to indicate that the increased polarity of the sensitized erythrocyte surface is due to combination of the red cell surface lipoids with hemolytic sensitizer . 
These results are corroborative of the conclusion of Landsteiner and van der Scheer that erythrocytes contain specific lipoid - soluble antigens . 
The tentative conclusion is reached that with these anti horse - erythrocyte sera at least the agglutinins combine predominantly with the protein of the red cell surfaces . 
Fresh human leucocytes are spread and disintegrated by the interfacial stresses . 
After heat injury over the condenser with substage lamp the leucocytes typically do not enter the boundary surface . 
They are pushed before the advancing interface and , if their further advance is obstructed , bend the interface backward to form peninsulas and vacuoles . 
This change after heating is in the opposite sense to that to be expected from denaturation of the proteins of the protoplasm . 
Fresh oxalated rabbit platelets pass very easily into the oils . 
After heating over the substage lamp these elements also become less oil - miscible . 
The interfacial tension relations of blood cells , bacteria , and several cell products are tabulated . 
1 . 
Immune sera prepared with the degraded or variant forms of pneumococci ( R strains ) are similar in their reactions to sera prepared with the protein or cell solutions of pneumococci . 
They contain antibodies reactive with the protein of all types of pneumococci , but no antibodies reactive with the type - specific substances . 
2 . 
Pneumococci of the variant or R form , regardless of type derivation , are serologically identical and have the antigenic characteristics of pneumococcus protein . 
They evoke the species - specific and not the type - specific antibodies . 
3 . 
Antipneumococcus sera obtained by immunization with S strains may contain species - specific antibodies in addition to those which are type - specific . 
Each kind of antibody can be removed separately from these sera by selective absorption with the R or S strains of pneumococci . 
1 . 
The specific precipitin reaction and the skin reaction given by old tuberculin are attributable to two separate substances present in this material . 
The cause of the reaction first mentioned is a non - protein gum which will be fully described in the following paper . 
The cause of the skin reaction is probably but not surely a protein . 
2 . 
Methods which have been suggested for the standardization of tuberculin by precipitin or complement fixation reactions should be revised . 
Seven groups of rats were fed on diets containing protein varying in amount from 1 . 36 to 40 . 13 per cent derived mainly from grain , casein , meat , and milk with carbohydrate , fat , and vitamines . 
From a number of animals one kidney was removed to double the load on the remaining one . 
The time of feeding was from 9 weeks to 6 months . 
Blood uric acid , blood urea nitrogen determinations , and microscopic examinations of the kidneys revealed no evidence of kidney damage . 
There was evidence of kidney hypertrophy consisting of increased weight of the kidney , large diameters of the capillary tufts , convoluted tubules , and kidneys in the animals receiving high protein diet . 
The nephrectomized animals that ate high protein had no kidney changes save hypertrophy and this amounted to an increase in weight of an average of 0 . 54 gm . 
or 85 per cent of the average weight of the right kidneys of the controls . 
While the precipitin tests do not differentiate , according to the results of previous workers , between the serum proteins of man and chimpanzee , a clear - cut differentiation between the blood cells of man and the anthropoids was obtained by means of hemagglutinins . 
According to our tests on bloods of whites and negroes , constant racial serological differences among human bloods , if they exist at all , are certainly smaller than the differences between the bloods of man and the anthropoid apes . 
The serological differences between man and the lower monkeys appear to be no greater than those between the anthropoid apes and the lower monkeys . 
These findings confirm the opinion that the anthropoid apes do not rank in the genealogical tree between lower monkeys and man . 
1 . 
The processes of denaturation and coagulation of hemoglobin are like those of other proteins . 
2 . 
When hemoglobin is denatured it is probably depolymerized into hemochromogen . 
3 . 
When other proteins are denatured they , too , are probably depolymerized . 
Conversely , native proteins can be regarded as aggregates of denatured proteins . 
4 . 
The globins and histones are to be regarded as denatured proteins rather than as a distinct group of proteins . 
5 . 
The factors affecting the equilibrium between native and denatured proteins have been considered . 
6 . 
A non - polar group is uncovered when a protein is denatured . 
7 . 
It has been shown that judged by the two most sensitive tests for the specificity of proteins , it is only when proteins are in the native form that they are highly specific . 
When a small amount of blood serum is dropped into the nose of a guinea pig the serum is absorbed by the mucous membrane and , after a definite period of incubation , the animal can be shown to have become profoundly changed . 
Depending upon the number of instillations , the interval between them and , especially , the quantity of serum instilled , the animal becomes either highly hypersensitive or strongly resistant to a toxic injection given by the vein . 
This resistance withstands a considerable series of increasing toxic injections and is strengthened with lapse of time , - contrary to the state of tolerance produced by traumatic methods . 
It is inferred that the absorption of foreign protein by the nose causes the formation of two different antibodies . 
One of these is allergic and excites to anaphylaxis ; the other is protective and leads to true immuuity . 
The relative amount of either antibody can be regulated by modifying the amount of serum instilled . 
Added to a state of general allergy it is easy to produce , in the guinea pig , a special sensitization of the respiratory apparatus which leads , under appropriate stimulation , to attacks resembling those of bronchial asthma in man . 
No conclusion can be drawn at present concerning the nature or mode of action of the protective or immunizing antibody ; but the indications are that its relations to the circulation and to tissue fixation resemble those which have been developed by other investigators in regard to the anaphylactic antibody . 
Evidence has been submitted that the living epithelium mediates between foreign protein and the organism in a way to favor specifically the elaboration of true immunity . 
1 . 
If due allowance is made for the slow rate of elaboration of cerebrospinal fluid and for the time that it takes for newly formed fluid to emerge from a needle in the cistema , the amount of sugar , chloride , and non - protein nitrogen in the fluid seems to follow in a general way their concentrations in the blood stream . 
2 . 
It is equally evident , however , that for any substance other factors besides its concentration in the blood stream play a part in its distribution between blood and cerebrospinal fluid . 
As this paper goes to press a complete review of the chemistry of the fertile egg will be appearing ( 19 ) . 
The author , Mr . J . Needham , was kind enough to allow me to inspect his manuscript and thus avail myself of the comprehensive bibliography and discussion . 
It is surprising that no biochemists have estimated the changing water content of the egg during incubation . 
Many of the analyses reported in Needham ' s review were expressed in per cent of total weight or per cent of dry solid , and consequently are of questionable value , since these latter functions are themselves changing ; the former due to water evaporation and the latter through the addition of shell constituents and the burning of oxidizable organic compounds . 
Moreover , there has been no statistical treatment of the results , and the reliability of the average , figures obtained has consequently been difficult to estimate . 
Tangl ' s work , quoted throughout this paper , except for its lack of statistical treatment is more enlightening . 
However , his concept of the so called " Energy of Embryogenesis " which he propounds , seems to me misleading and unwarranted . 
What Tangl measured was the amount and the caloric value of the solid material burned and thus the quantity of energy lost during the embryonic period . 
The latter is equivalent to the usual measurements of catabolism . 
In the case of the embryo it is not basal metabolism which is being estimated , since the conditions are not basal . 
The embryo is absorbing and assimilating nutriment all the while at a relatively rapid rate . 
The calorific value of the oxidized solid , which is in truth the amount of energy lost during a certain chosen interval , in Tangl ' s judgment stands for the energy of embryogenesis ; i . e . , the energy of development ( growth + differentiation ) . 
We believe that this conception is erroneous . 
The two processes , anabolism and catabolism , occur together and undoubtedly have some relationship , but surely one is not a measure of the other . 
In a starving animal , and so probably in a starving embryo , there is a considerable amount of so called basal metabolism . 
Thus if the " Embryogenetic Energy " were measured under these conditions a figure would be obtained for which there was no growth to correspond , or in other words there would be a value for something which did not exist . 
It will be seen in our later communications that the changes with age of metabolic rate and growth rate do not coincide . 
The amount of catabolism under certain circumstances does not accelerate growth or anabolism , but seems rather to be a limiting factor . 
It is as if when the absorbed energy were constant an increase of catabolism would make inroads upon the amount of energy which otherwise would remain for storage ( growth ) . 
If , as Pembrey ' s ( 20 ) experiments would tend to show , there is an increase of metabolism in the oldest embryos when the outside temperature is lowered , one would find at the end of incubation in such cases that there was a greater amount of so called " Energy of Development " but smaller embryo . 
It seems that the potential energy amassed as growth comes from that remaining after the needs of the body have been satisfied . 
The results of the experiments described in this paper have formed the basis for judgment in the selection of suitable standard conditions for the incubation of hen ' s eggs . 
Standardization was necessary so that in future experiments the more important environmental factors might be kept uniform within a certain appropriate range and therefore not be held accountable for deviations observed in the embryos . 
Henceforth in this series of papers the term " standard incubation conditions " will signify that ( 1 ) the temperature was constantly at 38 . 8 + / - 0 . 4 degrees C . , ( 2 ) the humidity at 67 . 5 + / - 2 . 5 per cent , ( 3 ) there was a continuous flow of warm air into the incubator to provide the necessary circulation , and ( 4 ) the eggs were rolled once a day within the constant temperature room . 
The incubator , a double - walled copper cabinet , stands in a constant temperature room , the fluctuations of which are + / - 1 . 0 degrees C . The space between the walls of the incubator is filled with water which serves as a buffer to outer variations . 
It might be repeated that all the eggs are from White Leghorn hens , are incubated 2 days after laying , and that they are kept cold during the interval necessary for transportation . 
With the figures from our chemical analyses and metabolic rate experiments , it was possible to calculate values for the concentration of total solids , fat , and nitrogen throughout the incubation period . 
These data were necessary as a general chemical background for further work . 
The results of the calculations are obviously rough . 
Because of the great variability of the eggs a satisfactory degree of accuracy could not have been attained without a very large number of analyses supplemented by complete statistical treatment . 
The necessity for such a comprehensive study was not evident , and it is our belief that the approximations reached in this paper are sufficiently close to serve our present purposes . 
The chief facts that have been ascertained in this investigation are ( 1 ) Loss of water by the egg during incubation is a function of the atmospheric humidity in its immediate environment . 
More rapid circulation of air lowers the humidity around the egg and thus increases evaporation . 
Other facts influencing evaporation are ( a ) atmospheric temperature , ( b ) thickness and surface area of the shell , and ( c ) conditions within the egg , the most important of which , it is suggested , is the amount of heat produced by the embryo . 
The latter factor , in turn , depends upon its size and age , and a significant change does not become apparent until the last 3 or 4 days of incubation , that is to say , when the embryo is of sufficient mass to exert a measurable force . 
( 2 ) The surface area of the eggs in sq . 
may be approximately represented by the formula S = K W ( 2 / 3 ) , where K = 5 . 07 + / - 0 . 10 , and W = the weight of the whole egg in gm . 
( 3 ) There is a loss of weight by the shell during incubation . 
This is most noticeable near the end of the cycle , when the loss seems to parallel in general the weight of the embryo . 
( 4 ) There is also a loss of solid matter during incubation . 
Chemical analyses indicate that about 98 per cent of the material oxidized is fat . 
This conclusion is corroborative of previous work by Hasselbalch , Hasselbalch and Bohr , and Tangl . 
( 5 ) Carbon dioxide may be measured with relative accuracy . 
When it is assumed that it is derived from the oxidation of fat , satisfactory corroboration of the chemical analyses is obtained . 
These experiments have furnished the data from which the values have been calculated for total solids , fats , and protein in the whole egg throughout incubation . 
The figures may be used later for comparison with the concentration of these substances within the embryo . 
The ester - hydrolyzing or lipase actions of extracts of whole rats whose ages ranged from 3 days before birth to 3 years 15 days were tested on ten simple esters by the method described in previous papers . 
The results are presented in the form of curves , both as absolute actions and as relative actions on the different substrates . 
The " pictures " of the relative actions changed progressively with increasing age of the rat . 
For the embryo and the youngest rats , the curves approached those given by the Flexner - Jobling rat carcinoma and by a number of tumors of human origin , changing to a type characteristic of the adult rat , and appearing to revert again to some extent to the embryonic type for the oldest rats . 
The changes in the actions on individual esters and the relative changes in the actions on different esters are discussed in detail . 
The greatest increases in actions as the rats became older were found with methyl and ethyl butyrates ; at the same time that the actions on some of the other esters were also found to change in characteristic ways . 
Similar experiments with the protease actions of the extracts of whole rats of different ages on three protein preparations did not give differences similar to those found for the lipase actions . 
The probable reasons for these observed differences in the two sets of enzyme actions are discussed . 
1 . 
Collodion membranes of high permeability were found to adsorb weighable amounts of gelatin and egg albumin from solution at 37 degrees C . 2 . 
The effect of protein concentration could be expressed fairly well by a hyperbolic equation proposed by Langmuir for the adsorption of gases by a plane surface , while the usual parabolic adsorption equation of Freundlich did not fit the results . 
3 . 
In comparing this effect with solutions of varying pH , it was found there was a decided maximum of adsorption in solutions of isoelectric protein . 
The effects of acids and salts on the amount of gelatin adsorbed were like those observed by Loeb on the viscosity of gelatin solutions , but opposite in direction . 
The effects of pH on the amount of adsorbed gelatin and on the fluidity of the gelatin solutions were nearly parallel . 
4 . 
Membranes made impermeable by long drying took up very little or no gelatin from solution . 
5 . 
In the case of membranes of varying permeability the maximum amount of adherent gelatin increased with the permeability and thickness of the membranes , and appeared to be , within limits , a linear function of the relative pore surface of the membranes as calculated from Poiseuille ' s law . 
6 . 
The film of gelatin greatly decreased the permeability of the membranes , as measured by the flow of water through them . 
The relative cross - section of the pore openings , as calculated from the permeability measurements , was a linear function of the amount of adherent gelatin . 
These results led to the conclusion that the gelatin formed a film inside the pores . 
1 . 
The immunological behavior of two cell constituents of nonhemolytic streptococci has been studied , ( a ) One , the so called nucleoprotein , is relatively non - specific and gives rise to an antibody which shows group reactions with nucleoproteins of related species . 
( b ) The other is non - protein by qualitative chemical tests . 
Preliminary chemical examination has indicated that it may be a carbohydrate . 
Although this substance is highly reactive with the specific antibodies produced by the intact bacterial cell , yet in its chemically purified condition it is probably non - antigenic . 
Specific serological reactions with this substance are dosely related to specific agglutination of the microorganism . 
2 . 
The study of sera prepared by immunization with the chemically extracted protein has shown the presence of antibodies for nudeoproteins alone . 
No antibodies against the specific soluble substance have been found in these sera . 
The protein antibodies are little , if at all , concerned in causing agglutination . 
Precipitin tests , complement fixation reactions , and absorption experiments have been used to analyze the group relationships with the nucleoproteins of other species . 
The proteins of each species of Gram - positive cocci studied were immunologically similar within the species and showed definite relationships to the proteins from related species . 
Proteins from bacteria of unrelated species did not react with antisera against streptococcus protein . 
3 . 
Two distinct antibodies have been demonstrated in antisera prepared against living bacteria . 
By prolonged immunization it was found possible to produce sera with a high content of protein as well as specific antibodies . 
With ordinary methods , however , the immune sera had a low content of relatively non - specific protein antibodies but a high titer for specific antibodies . 
The specific antibodies were not reactive with proteins but were active with high dilutions of the soluble specific substance and were responsible for the parallel specific agglutination . 
Absorption experiments showed that the two antibodies in antibacterial sera were immunologically distinct . 
1 . 
Agglutination and precipitation by the specific substance of Streptococcus viridans are parallel phenomena . 
Separate specific substances have been extracted from strains which are distinct by ordinary serological tests . 
Preliminary chemical examination indicates that the specific substances may be complex carbohydrates . 
2 . 
A close relationship between nucleoproteins from different strains of Streptococcus viridans is suggested by the existence of a certain amount of cross - precipitation and a larger degree of cross - complement fixation . 
But the occurrence of stronger reactions with homologous nucleoproteins than with heterologous indicates that there is some degree of individual difference in proteins from separate strains . 
3 . 
Two distinct antibodies are present in the sera antibacterial for Streptococcus viridans : one of high titer implicated in the parallel phenomena of agglutination and precipitation by the soluble specific substance , the other usually of low titer and involved in precipitation by nucleoproteins but probably little , if at all , in agglutination . 
The significance of these results obtained from the study of antibacterial sera will be considered in the general discussion of the antigenic components of Streptococcus viridans after the results from the study of antinucleoprotein sera have been presented in the succeeding paper . 
1 . 
Intact pneumococci , possessing specific antigenic powers unimpaired by cultural or other procedures , give rise to agglutinins for organisms of the homologous type and to precipitins for the type - specific carbohydrate derived from them . 
2 . 
Solutions of pneumococci free of all formed elements , but containing the carbohydrate and protein of the original cell , fail to stimulate the formation of type - specific antibodies . 
Sera prepared in this manner do not react with the carbohydrate constituent of the cell and do not agglutinate organisms of the homologous type . 
The loss of this antigenic function is related to changes incurred during dissolution of the bacterial cell . 
3 . 
Solutions of the cellular substances of Pneumococcus , although lacking the specific antigen of the whole cell , induce the formation of antibodies reactive with pneumococcus protein regardless of the type from which the latter is derived . 
The data presented in this paper clearly indicate that the isolated carbohydrate and nucleoprotein constituents of Pneumococcus differ both serologically and antigenically one from the other . 
Moreover , each of these fractions of the cell separately exhibits immunological properties distinct from those manifested by the whole organism of which they form a part . 
The carbohydrate is a protein - free polysaccharide and as such is devoid of the property of stimulating antibodies . 
Although in the free state , dissociated from other cellular substances , it is non - antigenic , in this form it still retains the property of reacting specifically in anti - pneumococcus serum of the homologous type . 
Further , this nonprotein constituent is not reactive with antiprotein serum . 
In other words , neither pneumococcus carbohydrate nor protein as separate antigen gives rise to antibodies with specific affinities for the carbohydrate or so called soluble specific substance of Pneumococcus . 
The nucleoprotein of Pneumococcus , on the other hand , is antigenic . 
Immunization with this cell constituent gives rise to immune serum which precipitates solutions of pneumococcus protein without regard to the type from which it is derived . 
The interrelations of the carbohydrate and protein of Pneumococcus as they exist in the intact cell to form the complete antigen , and the interpretation of the differences in the antigenic properties of the whole bacterium as contrasted with those of its component parts are reserved for discussion in a subsequent paper . 
1 . 
The loss of weight in pigeons subjected to prolonged starvation on water alone may be accurately represented by an appropriate form of the law of autocatakinesis . 
2 . 
This function , within proper limitations , gives a definite indication as to the nature and character of the fundamental reactions involved . 
In addition , it provides quantitative measures of the relative progress and importance of these reactions . 
3 . 
Analytically , the process of starvation consists of two nearly symmetrical cycles , corresponding chemically to the destruction of the carbohydrate - fat reserves and to the decomposition of body protein . 
4 . 
A suitable transformation overcoming certain difficulties inherent in the general form of the law is discussed and applied to the data reported . 
1 . 
The injection of antigen into an animal determines a gradual change in the blood fluid which finds expression in two physicochemical manifestations that can readily be followed , namely a decrease in the static value of the surface tension of serum solutions , and a special form of crystallization when serum diluted with isotonic sodium chloride solution is allowed to evaporate under certain conditions . 
2 . 
The change in the blood is at a maximum around the 13th day after the first antigen injection , and decreases progressively thereafter until it can no longer be observed , which is usually around the 30th day . 
3 . 
The change follows the same course , whether a single large injection of antigen is made , or many smaller ones . 
It begins at the same time in either case , it comes to a maximum after the same period , and in its subsequent course it is not affected by the reinjection of antigen . 
The manifestations of the change would appear to be independent of the presence of antigen in the circulation . 
4 . 
The mean length of the protein molecules of the immune serum obtained after the injection of the antigen dealt with is little if at all different from that of the protein molecules of normal serum . 
5 . 
It is possible that this reaction is independent of the antibody formation . 
1 . 
The distribution of pepsin between particles of gelatin or coagulated egg albumin and the outside solution has been found to be equal to the distribution of chloride or bromide ion under the same conditions . 
This is the case from pH 1 to 7 , and in the presence of a variety of salts . 
2 . 
Pepsin is therefore probably a monovalent anion . 
3 . 
Under certain conditions the enzyme may be adsorbed on the surface of the protein particles . 
This reaction is irreversible and is markedly influenced by the presence of low concentrations of electrolytes . 
Erythrocytes contain more than one substance responsible for the production of lysins and agglutinins . 
By injections of alcoholic extracts of horse erythrocytes mixed with a foreign serum , hemolysins and agglutinins can be more readily obtained than by the same quantities of extract alone . 
The immune sera reacted on horse and donkey blood but not on the blood of other species . 
The antibodies obtained differ from those prepared in the usual way with unchanged red blood corpuscles . 
The differences involve the ratio lysin : agglutinin , the specificity , the inhibition of hemolysis by alcoholic extracts , and the flocculation of these extracts . 
Ordinary anti - horse sera give flocculation reactions with emulsions of alcoholic extracts of corpuscles but to a lesser degree and not so regularly as those produced by means of extracts . 
The specific substances present in alcoholic blood extracts are probably not proteins . 
According to this view , species specificity in animals depends not alone on proteins but also on another group of substances . 
It is shown that when a mammalian serous membrane bathed in dilute buffer is traversed by an electric current , liquid is caused to stream through the membrane toward the cathode when the pH value of the buffer is on the alkaline side of a certain critical hydrogen ion concentration . 
Streaming is toward the anode on the acid side of the reversal point . 
Simple means for studying this electroendosmosis quantitatively are described . 
The mean values of the reversal points in all cases studied with the present buffers lie between pH = 4 . 3 and 5 . 3 . 
The membranes studied have been the mesentery of the living and dead animal , and the parietal pericardium and pleura , post mortem . 
The membranes of dogs , cats , rabbits , and two human pericardia have been studied . 
All these membranes are essentially sheets of connective tissue , bearing blood vessels , lymphatics , and nerves , and in some instances fat cells , and lined on each surface by a single layer of pavement mesothelial cells . 
Intercellular fibers form the major bulk of the lean membranes . 
These are predominantly collagenous except in the pleural region used , in which elastin fibers are present in large proportion . 
By using buffers alternately more acid or more alkaline than the reversal point , the direction of liquid flow across any given membrane site could be reversed an indefinite number of times . 
The time interval required is only that taken by the requisite manipulation in changing buffers and making the runs . 
The mean values of the reversal points for the several membranes when bathed in hypotonic , unbalanced buffer and in isotonic , physiologically balanced buffers showed only small and inconstant differences . 
The fat and lean pericardia similarly showed small difference in the positions of the mean reversal points . 
The apparent reversal points for the mesenteries of living animals proved to be lower than those for the mesenteries post mortem . 
This low value in the animals with functioning circulation is interpreted as essentially due to admixture with the buffers of buffer salts from the blood . 
Clear differences between the reversal points of the membranes in the first compared with later hours or days post mortem were not detected , with the possible exception of a small shift toward the acid range of the fat pericardium reversal points estimated several days post mortem . 
The reversal points with cat membranes were somewhat lower ( more acid ) than those of the dog . 
The approximate mean reversal points found with the citrate - phosphate buffers used were as follows : For mesenteries of living animals pH = 4 . 4 ; for mesenteries , post mortem , pH = 4 . 8 ; for cat pleurae , post mortem , pH = 4 . 3 ; for dog pleurae , post mortem , pH = 5 . 0 ; for lean and fat pericardia , post mortem , pH = 5 . 1 . 
The mean reversal point of the two human pericardia was about pH = 5 . 0 . 
Reversal points determined with buffers containing only monovalent anions are somewhat higher ( less acid ) , as will be shown later . 
The bearing of these data on the question of the chemical composition of the surfaces of the fat cells of the serous membranes is discussed . 
Briefly , it is believed that proteins are probably present in important amount in these cell surfaces . 
There occurs in the small intestines of a large percentage of calves up to and including the 3rd day a hydropic condition of the epithelium . 
This manifests itself in the form of a large vacuole or vesicle usually under the top plate of the epithelial cell . 
More rarely a number of smaller vesicles or vacuoles replace it . 
These may break away from the cell and float free when bits of the fresh mucosa are gently compressed under a cover - glass . 
The vesicles probably contain coagulable protein . 
This condition has its origin in late intrauterine life . 
It involves the lowest third of the small intestine and extends upwards as far as the duodenum in some cases . 
It is not a necessary forerunner of the early diarrhea or scours . 
Its relation to this disease is not defined . 
It may or may not be accompanied by a fat stasis of the upper third of the small intestine . 
Frequently associated with it is coagulable protein in the contents of the ileum . 
1 . 
Intracutaneous injection of guinea pigs with an alkaline extract of pneumococcus produces in about two - thirds of the animals an allergy with a skin reaction similar to the allergic skin response of tuberculosis . 
2 . 
Continuance of the intracutaneous injections after the appearance of allergy results in its disappearance . 
The skin ceases to react . 
3 . 
Neither the animals manifesting skin allergy nor those which fail to develop it show any significant alteration in susceptibility to pneumococcus infection by intraperitoneal inoculation . 
Similarly , animals desensitized by continuing the intracutaneous injections after the appearance of allergy show an unaltered susceptibility . 
1 . 
Intraperitoneal injections of killed and living broth cultures of a virulent pneumococcus produce in guinea pigs a high degree of active immunity and a serum with strong protective power . 
2 . 
Despite the protective power of such serum no agglutinins for the homologous organism and no precipitins for soluble derivatives were demonstrable . 
3 . 
Guinea pig immunity to pneumococcus infection produced by the method described is not attended by cutaneous allergy to derivatives of the pneumococcus used for immunization . 
4 . 
During the course of an artificially produced active immunity , anaphylaxis may at times be present and at times absent without any measurable effect upon the resistance of the animal to infection by intraperitoneal injection . 
5 . 
In the particular instance studied , the experiments indicate that anaphylaxis to pneumococcus protein has no important effect upon the resistance of the animal to infection . 
It appears to be a concomitant without any significant rôle in the immunity mechanism . 
Using the complement fixation reaction with whole bacterial solutions as antigens , it has been possible to confirm the existence , within the non - hemolytic streptococcus family , of two great groups . 
One of these groups , that which may be designated as of the left side , is related in an orderly way to the hemolytic streptococci ; the other of the right side , is similarly related to the entire pneumococcus family . 
In addition , the hemolytic streptococcus family shows a reactive range which relates it , though less closely , to the non - hemolytic streptococci of the right side , and to the pneumococci . 
The existence of these cross - relationships is not associated with the precipitable substance of either family , but may tentatively be presumed to be dependent upon the properties of the protein or lipoid - protein fraction of the bacterial cell . 
Sodium determinations on the blood of ten dogs after experimental obstruction of the jejunum are reported . 
The average sodium content of the plasma of the normal dog is 336 mg . per 100 cc . 
There is relatively little change in the sodium content of the blood plasma after the intestine is obstructed , even with marked changes in the chloride and bicarbonate . 
The whole blood sodium tends to rise after intestinal obstruction . 
The increase in bicarbonate ions does not fully compensate for the decrease in chloride ions . 
After intestinal obstruction there is a larger amount of sodium in some unknown combination than in the normal dog . 
These findings throw no definite light on the mechanism of the increased protein destruction characteristic of intestinal obstruction . 
THE RESULTS OF SIMULTANEOUS CHLORIDE DETERMINATIONS IN WHOLE BLOOD , IN PLASMA , AND IN CELLS OF THE DOG AFTER EXPERIMENTAL INTESTINAL OBSTRUCTION ARE PRESENTED , AND THE CHLORIDE CONTENT OF WHOLE BLOOD AND OF PLASMA IS COMPARED BY TWO METHODS OF ESTIMATION : the iodometric titration on protein - free filtrate , and the digestion technique of Van Slyke . 
The chloride as determined on protein - free filtrate checks closely with that as determined by the digestion procedure . 
The iodometric determination shows accurately the level of chlorides in the blood . 
The total change in the chloride store of the body is best reflected in determinations on whole blood . 
In intestinal obstruction the retained chloride is not present in the blood in some undetermined form . 
The blood findings in five monkeys after experimental high intestinal obstruction are reported . 
All animals showed the marked rise in non - protein nitrogen characteristic of intestinal obstruction in man and the dog . 
Two monkeys showed a very marked drop in chlorides , the others a less marked fall . 
Coincident with the change in chlorides there is a rise in the CO ( 2 ) - combining power . 
The uric acid and creatinine showed no typical changes . 
No vomiting was observed . 
This emphasizes the fact that vomiting alone does not account for the fall in blood chlorides characteristic of intestinal obstruction . 
1 . 
The phenomenon of protein racemization is discussed and certain deductions are made in connection with the hypothesis of Dakin to account for this phenomenon and Robertson ' s theory of the ionization of proteins . 
2 . 
Experimental data are given to show that the electrochemical behavior of racemic casein is not in accord with the deductions which have been drawn from the theory advanced by Robertson . 
3 . 
An analysis of the nitrogen groups of racemic casein is given and compared with a similar analysis of normal casein . 
From these analyses and from the electrochemical equivalent of racemic casein , it is concluded that except for the hydrolysis of amide groups , racemic casein is probably not a degradation product of casein . 
4 . 
Considerable evidence is presented against the view that the - COHN - groups take part in the reactions of the protein molecule with acids and with bases . 
1 . 
The deposition of casein on a platinum anode which takes place on the passage of a direct current through solutions of alkali caseinates was quantitatively studied , and it was found that : ( a ) the amount of casein which is deposited is directly proportional to the current , i . e .  it obeys Faraday ' s law ; ( b ) the amount of casein deposited is inversely proportional ( within the limits studied ) to the amount of alkali which is combined with the casein . 
2 . 
A method of determining the transport numbers of proteins insoluble at their isoelectric point has been developed . 
3 . 
A titration method for determining the amount of alkali in a casein solution is given . 
4 . 
Data from the results of transference experiments on sodium caseinate , potassium caseinate , cesium caseinate , and rubidium caseinate solutions are given . 
It is shown that the data are best explained on the assumption that in these solutions the carriers of the current are alkali metal cations and casein anions . 
5 . 
On the basis of our transference results an explanation is given of the results which were obtained by Robertson and by Haas in their migration experiments . 
1 . 
The relative weight loss of pigeons on starving rations may be represented by a simple modification of the law of autocatalysis . 
2 . 
An equation giving the actual weight of the animals during the 53 day period of the experiment is derived by means of the hypothesis that the process of inanition is governed by the simultaneous velocity relations between two independent , homogeneous systems , such that M ( T ) = ( A ( 0 ) - - > 0 ) + ( B ( 0 ) - - > B ( C ) ) in which A is taken proportional to the amount of carbohydrate - fat reserves , and B proportional to the amount of reacting body protoplasm . 
3 . 
The course of starvation is governed by the rate of destruction of body protein , but it is modified by the amount and by the rate of destruction of reserve materials . 
4 . 
The processes of breaking down tissues are analogous to those by which tissues are synthesized . 
5 . 
The close agreement between observed and calculated values suggests that the original assumptions set forth in deriving the foregoing equations were valid . 
6 . 
Attention is called to the fact that the time of onset of beriberi in pigeons is coincident with the half period of starvation . 
1 . 
The methods of measuring the base - combining capacities of proteins have been considered , and the constants and corrections that are employed in their calculation have been critically examined . 
2 . 
The base - combining capacities of ten casein preparations have been determined . 
These differed from each other to a far greater extent than can be attributed to the experimental errors involved in their measurement and calculation . 
The variations were , moreover , systematic in manner , and can be explained as dependent upon the method employed in the preparation of the casein . 
3 . 
Casein that had never been exposed to greater alkalinities than those in which it exists in nature combined with approximately 0 . 0014 mols of sodium hydroxide per gm . , while casein prepared nach Hammarsten , and casein that was saturated with base during its preparation , combined with approximately 0 . 0018 mols of sodium hydroxide per gm . 
4 . 
1 mol of sodium hydroxide , therefore , combined with 735 gm . 
of casein that had not previously been exposed to alkaline reactions , or with 535 gm . 
of casein that had previously been saturated with base . 
5 . 
If the minimal molecular weight of casein , based upon its tryptophane content , is placed at 12 , 800 , the native protein must , therefore , contain approximately eighteen acid groups , and in addition six acid groups that are released in alkaline solutions , and presumably represent internally bound groups . 
The total base - combining capacity therefore represents that of a substance with a molecular weight of 12 , 800 and containing twenty - four acid valences . 
6 . 
This base - combining capacity is no greater than can be accounted for on the basis of our knowledge of the structure and composition of casein . 
On the basis of a molecular weight of 12 , 800 casein contains at least 19 molecules of glutamic acid , 4 of aspartic , and 8 of hydroxyglutamic acid . 
If the amino acids in the protein molecule are bound to each other in polypeptide linkage , each of these thirty - one dicarboxylic acids should yield terminal groups . 
The ammonia in casein suggests that twelve of these groups are bound as amides . 
As many as nineteen carboxyl groups may , therefore , be free in the protein molecule . 
7 . 
Casein contains phosphorus . 
If this phosphorus represents phosphoric acid , and if we consider that all of the valences of this acid are either themselves free , or that they have liberated carboxyl groups by entering into the structure of the protein molecule , casein should contain nine additional acid groups . 
8 . 
Recent analytical results , therefore , indicate that casein contains at least nineteen , and possibly twenty - eight , free acid groups . 
The physicochemical measurements presented suggest that casein combines with base as though it contained twenty - four acid groups , of which six , or one - fourth , appear to be bound in the native protein . 
These experimental results are therefore in close agreement with the expectation on the basis of the classical theory of protein structure . 
1 . 
It has been found that the ratios of the total concentrations of Ca , Mg , K , Zn , inside and outside of gelatin particles do not agree with the ratios calculated according to Donnan ' s theory from the hydrogen ion activity ratios . 
2 . 
E . M . F . 
measurements of Zn and Cl electrode potentials in such a system show , however , that the ion activity ratios are correct , so that the discrepancy must be due to a decrease in the ion concentration by the formation of complex ions with the protein . 
3 . 
This has been confirmed in the case of Zn by Zn potential measurements in ZnCl ( 2 ) solutions containing gelatin . 
It has been found that in 10 per cent gelatin containing 0 . 01 M ZnCl ( 2 ) about 60 per cent of the Zn ( + + ) is combined with the gelatin . 
4 . 
If the activity ratios are correctly expressed by Donnan ' s equation , then the amount of any ion combined with a protein can be determined without E . M . F . 
measurements by determining its distribution in a proper system . 
If the activity ratio of the hydrogen ion and the activity of the other ion in the aqueous solution are known , then the activity and hence the concentration of the ion in the protein solution can be calculated . 
The difference between this and the total molar concentration of the ion in the protein represents the amount combined with the protein . 
5 . 
It has been shown that in the case of Zn the values obtained in this way agree quite closely with those determined by direct E . M . F . 
measurements . 
6 . 
The combination with Zn is rapidly and completely reversible and hence is probably not a surface effect . 
7 . 
Since the protein combines more with Zn than with Cl , the addition of ZnCl ( 2 ) to isoelectric gelatin should give rise to an unequal ion distribution and hence to an increase in swelling , osmotic pressure , and viscosity . 
This has been found to be the case . 
It has been shown , within the probable limit of error of the methods of measurement employed , that the Donnan equilibrium determines the distribution of H and Cl ions between the cell and the surrounding fluid . 
This equilibrium is a consequence of the impermeability of the cell membrane to the inorganic cations of the cell . 
The mechanism responsible for this equilibrium is suggested as that concerned in the secretion of HCl by the cells of the gastric mucosa . 
If the salt concentration of the medium is low there may result from the Donnan equilibrium a thermodynamic P . D . 
of considerable magnitude . 
In the presence of low concentrations of electrolytes , this P . D . 
is to be regarded as positive in sign at reactions of the medium at which the cataphoretic charge of the cell is negative in sign . 
The explanation of this discrepancy in sign of charge may lie in the existence at an outer phase - boundary of a second Donnan equilibrium the nature of which is determined by the ionization of the protein of the cell membrane . 
1 . 
The experiments here reported were carried out with a lytic principle isolated from the feces of normal rabbits . 
2 . 
It seems that bacteriophage is constantly present in the feces of caged laboratory rabbits . 
3 . 
A lytic filtrate active for Strain Shiga 73 ( in a dilution of 1 : 1 , 000 , 000 ) and for the typhoid bacillus ( in a dilution of 1 : 1 , 000 ) , after twenty successive passages with Shiga bacillus was active , for its homologous strain , in a dilution of about 1 : 10 , 000 , 000 , 000 but no longer possessed any lytic activity for the typhoid strain . 
The same filtrate , after twenty successive passages with typhoid bacillus , was similarly active in a dilution of 1 : 10 , 000 , 000 , 000 for the typhoid strain but was only feebly active for the Shiga strain . 
4 . 
The passage of the lytic principle through collodion membranes was never observed . 
5 . 
No appreciable diminution in the activity of the filtrates was observed after exposure to cholesterol or lecithin . 
Killed bacterial suspensions , however , were found to exert a considerable neutralizing effect on the active principle . 
6 . 
Formol titrations of lysed cultures lead to the conclusion that the bacteriolysis caused by the bacteriophage is not a true proteolysis but rather a simple plasmolysis of the bacterial cell and not a splitting effect of the protein molecule . 
7 . 
We have never obtained active filtrates with the leucocytes of immune animals by the method of Lisbonne , Boulet , and Carrère ( 14 ) . 
8 . 
It would appear , from the experiments , that the immunization of rabbits with the lytic principle results in the disappearance of the bacteriophage from their intestines . 
9 . 
All the sera from rabbits immunized with antityphoid or antiShiga filtrates agglutinated respectively the typhoid or Shiga bacilli . 
10 . 
Similarly , these sera fixed complement strongly in the presence of the homologous antigen . 
Five or six times the amount of serum was required to fix complement in the presence of heterologous antigen . 
11 . 
All of the immune sera were found to be more or less antilytic . 
In no case was a strictly specific antilysin obtained . 
THE RELATIVE TOXICITY OF CHLOROFORM GIVEN SUBCUTANEOUSLY TO RATS FED ON TWO DIETS DEFICIENT IN RESPECT TO THEIR NITROGENOUS COMPONENTS , THE SOLE SOURCES OF PROTEIN IN WHICH WERE , RESPECTIVELY , GLIADIN AND GELATIN AND TO RATS WITHOUT FOOD , IS AS FOLLOWS : gelatin diet > fasting > gliadin diet . 
The rate of regeneration of liver cells after chloroform poisoning in rats fed a diet in which gliadin is the only protein is about as rapid as that in animals fed a diet containing casein as the source of nitrogen . 
The rate of regeneration on a food containing its nitrogen as gelatin and also during fasting is definitely slower than that in animals fed the gliadin food . 
The results of these experiments indicate that the requirement for the essential amino acids for growth of individual organs of the body is less than that for correlated growth of the whole body . 
The results of the partial saturation of precipitins with antigens related in derivation to the homologous one give no conclusive evidence of the regular existence in a single immune serum of multiple antibodies which act specifically on various chemical groups of the antigenic proteins . 
It seems possible to explain at least a part of the facts by the assumption that a single antibody will react to different degrees with several similar substances . 
By the partial absorption of hemagglutinins with heterologous blood , specific fractions were obtained . 
By such means one may readily differentiate the blood of related species , even when precipitins show but little difference . 
The peculiarities in specificity manifested by precipitinogens and agglutinogens suggest an essential difference in the chemical structures which determine the specificity of the two kinds of antigens . 
The experimental results indicate that the walls of the lower respiratory tract are relatively as impermeable for antibodies as they are for serum proteins . 
The kind of serum employed does not influence this fact . 
Antibodies contained in homologous ( rabbit ) serum failed to enter the blood stream when injected into the trachea in greater concentration than those contained in heterologous ( guinea pig and cow ) sera . 
That a little serum and its contained substances are absorbed after intratracheal injection has been shown both by the experiments dealing with sensitization and anaphylaxis previously reported and by the experiments recorded in this paper . 
Besredka ' s assertion that the laryngotracheal method is an efficient one for the administration of serum in the treatment of disease has not been borne out by the experimental evidence here presented . 
From the results one would conclude that it is one of the least efficient routes for administration . 
In contrast to the relative impermeability for proteins of the mucous membranes of the lower respiratory tract is the relative permeability of the endothelium of the peritoneal cavity . 
Antibody is there absorbed readily , whether it be in heterologous or in homologous serum . 
The indications are that a considerable portion of the antibody injected into the peritoneal cavity reaches the blood stream in 2 or 3 hours . 
It has been possible to sensitize guinea pigs by the intratracheal administration of small amounts of horse or cow serum . 
The degree of sensitiveness is comparable to that obtained when the same doses of serum are injected into the peritoneal cavity . 
Nevertheless , relatively small amounts of foreign protein are slowly absorbed through the lining membranes of the lower respiratory tract . 
In sensitive animals it has not been possible to produce shock by intratracheal injection of amounts of serum which injected into the peritoneal cavity of other animals of the same series sensitized in the same manner always produced shock . 
Considerably larger doses administered intratracheally may give rise to anaphylactic symptoms . 
It is possible that the force necessary to inject the larger amounts of serum may have led to injury and more rapid absorption . 
An attempt was made to apply the assumption that a monolayer of serum exists at a certain dilution , in order to calculate the thickness of this layer or , that is to say , the mean value of one of the dimensions of the molecules of the serum proteins . 
The criterion taken for the existence of such a monolayer was the existence at a given concentration ( 1 / 11 , 000 for rabbit serum ) of a maximum drop in the surface tension of serum solutions kept in watch - glasses . 
A series of preliminary experiments showed : 1 . 
That the maximum drop in 2 hours took place , for the material used , at a concentration of 1 / 11 , 000 , and that it always corresponded to an absolute minimum value of the surface tension of the solution , this minimum being quite sharp and well defined . 
2 . 
That adsorption took place on the glass as well as on the free surface of the liquid , and that apparently the same part of the molecule , in both cases , was drawn toward the water . 
3 . 
That the specific gravity of the anhydrous proteins of the rabbit serum studied was 1 . 275 , whence it followed , on the basis of 6 . 51 per cent protein content , that the mean thickness of the protein molecules was 35 . 4 x 10 ( - 8 ) cm . 
The same method applied to crystalline egg albumin , pH 6 . 8 , in water , gave 52 . 8 x 10 ( - 8 ) cm . 
for the probable molecular length . 
1 . 
The toxicity of chloroform varies according to the diets used in these experiments in the following order of decreasing susceptibility of the animals : high fat > standard > high carbohydrate > high protein diets . 
2 . 
On the high fat and high carbohydrate diets there may be a more or less marked proliferation of the endothelium and the connective tissue stroma in the necrotic area producing in some instances scars resembling the picture of an early cirrhosis . 
3 . 
On the diets studied , standard , high carbohydrate , high protein , and high fat , the most active and rapid repair is observed on the standard balanced diet . 
On the high fat diet the reparative process is definitely delayed in comparison with the others . 
There are only slight differences between the high carbohydrate and high protein diets which suggest but do not conclusively show a more rapid repair with the latter diet . 
1 . 
We have not observed gross increases in plasma volume in glomerulonephritis , nephrosis , or nephrosclerosis , even when the concentration of plasma proteins was much below normal . 
Our results indicate the probability that " hydremic plethora " does not occur . 
2 . 
The low protein concentration frequently observed in the plasma in nephritis is not due to increased plasma volume but to a decrease of the total amount of plasma protein in the body . 
3 . 
Changes in plasma volume showed no constant relationship to changes in edema . 
In nephrosclerosis ( Volhard and Fahr classification of nephritis ) there was no decrease in the plasma proteins . 
With heart failure the ratio of albumin to globulin fell from the normal 1 . 7 + / - 0 . 3 to about 1 . 
There is a sharp difference between the two types of glomerulonephritis in the effect on plasma proteins . 
In the vascular - interstitial type the effect was the same as in nephrosclerosis . 
There was no decrease in the plasma proteins until shortly before death . 
In the glomerulotubular or nephrotic type , active or recently active , the total plasma proteins were less than 5 gm . 
per 100 cc . 
This decrease from the normal 5 . 5 to 7 . 5 occurred whether edema was present or absent . 
The decrease affected chiefly the albumin , the globulin being usually diminished but little , and sometimes slightly increased . 
Consequently the ratio of albumin to globulin was reduced to less than 1 , and occasionally to 0 . 6 . 
In nephrosis similar changes were found in the total protein concentration but in severe cases the decrease in albumin was greater than in nephrotic glomerulonephritis while the globulin was either very slightly reduced or was increased . 
The albumin : globulin ratio was therefore lower than in nephrotic glomerulonephritis , ranging down to 0 . 26 . 
With the disappearance of edema there was usually an increase in the plasma protein concentration , but this was not invariable , and concentrations of 4 . 5 per cent or less were compatible with the persistent absence of edema . 
The ratio of albumin to globulin showed an irregular tendency to rise . 
Whenever the total concentration was less than 4 per cent there was some edema present , but it was sometimes slight in amount . 
With recovery in acute cases , and remission with decrease of proteinuria in chronic cases , normal concentrations were regained . 
The albumin : globulin ratio remained low in some instances for a longer period on account of an absolute increase in globulin concentration . 
In " functional proteinuria " no change in plasma proteins was found . 
Low plasma protein concentrations were always associated with considerable losses of protein in the urine , but these losses did not provide an explanation for all our observations . 
A disturbance in the production of the plasma proteins appears probable . 
A detailed study was made on the influence of salts on those physicochemical properties of sodium gelatinate which are regulated by Donnan ' s law of membrane equilibria ; namely , osmotic pressure , membrane potentials , and swelling . 
It was found that the influence of salts on these properties in the case of sodium gelatinate obeys the same rules of valency as in the case of the influence of salts on gelatin chloride as discussed in a previous publication . 
The rules state that when a salt is added to an ionized protein , without causing a change in the hydrogen ion concentration of the protein , the general effect is a depression of the mentioned properties . 
The degree of depression depends not only on the concentration of the salt but on the electrical properties of the ions constituting the salt . 
Of the two or more oppositely charged ions of which a salt consists , only the valency of those ions which carry charges opposite to those carried by the protein ions affects the degree of depression which increases with the valency of the ions . 
It was also found that the phenomenon of swelling of gelatin becomes modified by solubility of the gelatin when salts are added in concentrations higher than N / 4 . 
Emphasis is laid on the point that the valency rule holds perfectly also in relation to swelling as long as the phenomenon is pure swelling which is the case when salt solutions of concentrations lower than N / 4 are added to gelatin . 
1 . 
Solutions containing NH ( 4 ) OH and NaOH , and CO ( 2 ) and HCl may be used to produce various combinations of extracellular and intracellular reactions in starfish eggs , Gonionemus , and Nitella cells . 
2 . 
Staining by basic dyes is , with a constant intracellular reaction , favored by increased extracellular alkalinity . 
With a constant extracellular reaction , staining is hindered by increased intracellular alkalinity . 
3 . 
These facts are in opposition to the view that staining of cells by basic dyes is chiefly governed by a combination of the dyes with cell proteins . 
It is more in harmony with the view that the combination is with a substance or substances of acid nature . 
When proteins such as horse serum or crystalline egg albumin which have been selected because they produce the phenomena of immunity are introduced into a normal animal they diffuse widely in the tissue , enter the blood stream , and are disseminated throughout the body . 
The same substances introduced into an immune animal are fixed at the site of entry and are not found in the blood . 
When protein is injected into the skin of an immune animal acute inflammation ( Arthus phenomenon ) occurs at the site of injection and brings about destruction of the foreign substance . 
From the experiments which have been reported , it follows that animals sensitized with one azoprotein react not only to the antigen used for the sensitization , but also to other azoproteins made up from the same simple azo - compounds and another protein . 
Although the specificity of the reaction has not yet been tested with various azo - components , its actual existence can reasonably be assumed on the basis of the phenomena observed in precipitation reactions . 
The sensitization is brought about with less facility than sensitization against the usual antigens and the effects are not uniform . 
Still , after sufficient treatment , 40 per cent of the animals succumbed with typical anaphylactic symptoms , mostly within a short time while 16 per cent showed severe symptoms . 
The experiments show that it is possible to make animals hypersensitive against a simple chemical group like para - arsanilic acid , and from this point of view connection would seem to be established with the phenomena of drug allergy in human beings . 
There is an essential difference , however , in that the sensitized animals did not react on injections of simple compounds such as para - amino - phenyl - arsanilic acid and phenyl - 4 - arsonic - acid - azo - tyrosine uncombined with protein . 
It remains to be determined whether under changed conditions positive results in this direction can be obtained . 
For this purpose it seems advisable to make experiments with isolated organs , according to the method of Schultz and Dale . 
While the simple substances failed to elicit direct reactions , they protected ( as was foreseen by Doerr ) against a subsequent injection of the active antigen . 
Similar compounds not containing the arsanilic acid group were considerably less active . 
The phenomenon is comparable to the inhibition of precipitin reactions already described . 
Considering the protection as a condition of antianaphylaxis , one would suppose that the simple substances mentioned are fixed by the cells in which the anaphylactic reaction takes place . 
It may be concluded that : 1 . 
Animals can be sensitized through injections of one azoprotein - protein combined with diazotized para - arsanilic acid - against another compound containing the same azo - component but a different protein . 
2 . 
Injections of related simple compounds , as for instance para - arsanilic acid and phenyl - 4 - arsonic - acid - azo - tyrosine did not cause shock in the sensitized animals under the conditions of the present experiments . 
3 . 
The simple compounds mentioned and other related substances as well protect against the anaphylactic action of azoprotein , by inducing a state of antianaphylaxis . 
1 . 
The experiments show that suspensions of finely divided particles of insoluble proteins incapable of swelling in acid ( denatured egg albumin , casein trichloroacetate , sulfate , etc . 
) raise the viscosity of the suspension but little and that the influence of acid on the viscosity is negligible . 
2 . 
The same is true for solutions of certain genuine proteins such as genuine crystalline egg albumin . 
3 . 
In contrast with these are proteins which swell in acid . 
It can be shown that where acid swelling of particles occurs , the viscosity is of a higher order of magnitude than where the swelling of particles is impossible and that the influence of acid on viscosity runs in these cases parallel to the influence of acid on swelling . 
This is shown to be the case for casein in HCl . 
4 . 
It is shown that the swelling of the powdered particles which determines the high order of viscosity varies according to the theory of membrane equilibria . 
5 . 
These results are used to ascertain with the aid of viscosity measurements whether the ultimate units of genuine protein in solutions are aggregates large enough to give rise to a Donnan equilibrium ; or whether they consist of particles below this limit ; and in what porportion the two kinds of units are contained in the solution . 
6 . 
It is found on the basis of viscosity measurements that when 1 gm . 
of isoelectric casein is dissolved in HCl so that the solution has a pH of 2 . 45 , more than one - half of 1 gm . 
of casein must exist as units too small to give rise to a Donnan equilibrium , while the rest must exist in units still capable of undergoing swelling in acid . 
1 . 
The kinetics of enzyme reactions diverge more or less from the simple mass action expression for a monomolecular reaction . 
There is good reason to believe that these discrepancies are due to other secondary reactions which also agree with the law of mass action . 
Attempts to incorporate all these reactions in one equation , however , are unsatisfactory owing to the complexity of the relations involved . 
2 . 
It is possible , however , to regulate conditions experimentally so that these secondary reactions are reduced to a minimum . 
This has been done in the case of trypsin digestion by working at a low temperature , which prevents inactivation of the trypsin , by using a large amount of trypsin , which prevents the inhibiting effect of the products from becoming noticeable , and by using the disappearance of the protein as the indicator which obviates the complicating effects of the consecutive reactions . 
3 . 
Under these conditions the hydrolysis , for any initial concentration of casein is accurately represented by the monomolecular formula , See PDF for Equation The effect of variations in the initial trypsin concentration are also correctly predicted . 
4 . 
If the initial casein concentration is varied , however , the value of the constant changes for each casein concentration , becoming less as the casein increases and eventually becoming nearly inversely proportional to the casein concentration . 
It is pointed out that this cannot be due to a compound between enzyme and casein , nor to the viscosity , but is probably owing to an equilibrium between the casein and water , in which the casein can be replaced by the first cleavage products . 
This is corroborated by the fact that if the casein is dissolved in a freshly prepared solution of digested casein , the anomalous effect of the substrate concentration disappears and the reaction is typically monomolecular in every respect . 
A solution of digested casein which has been in prolonged contact with trypsin does not have this effect . 
5 . 
It is pointed out that the various equations that have been proposed to account for the enzyme reactions on the basis of a compound between the enzyme and substrate could be applied equally well on the basis of a compound between water and the substrate which is attacked by the enzyme . 
The chemical changes in the blood of dogs treated with various inorganic salts after obstruction of the duodenum are reported . 
Two dogs treated with sodium chloride survived approximately six times as long as the average untreated animal , one living 22 days , the other 24 days . 
Ammonium chloride was found to produce an acidosis . 
The administration of potassium chloride , calcium chloride , and magnesium chloride did not prevent the usual rise in non - protein nitrogen and fall in chlorides , and the fatal outcome . 
Iodides seemingly hasten the toxic process . 
Sodium bromide appears to have an inhibitory action upon it , but much less than that of sodium chloride . 
Sodium sulfate , magnesium sulfate , sodium citrate , monosodium phosphate , and disodium phosphate failed to alter the course of the intoxication . 
Atropine and pilocarpine were without therapeutic value in preventing the changes characteristic of intestinal obstruction . 
The coincidence of the appearance of euglobulin and pseudo - globulin I in the blood and urine of the new - born calf following the ingestion of colostrum and the absence of these proteins when milk is fed support the inference that the proteinuria of the new - born calf is due to the ingestion of colostrum . 
In this passage the proteins are in part unaltered . 
The absorption and excretion of the proteins of blood serum have been observed . 
The high protein content of the feces of young calves - during the first few days - is to be ascribed , in part at least , to ingested colostrum . 
The evidence presented indicates clearly that the feeding of colostrum is responsible for the proteinuria . 
Observations on many calves killed within the 3 first days have shown that this condition is nearly universal and that it disappears after the 3rd day , even when the calf is not quite normal . 
Urine of fetuses and unfed calves did not contain it . 
By feeding different amounts of colostrum , by withholding it for some hours after birth , and by giving it alternately with milk , the appearance of protein in the urine as to time and quantity was clearly a function of the colostrum fed . 
Serum replacing colostrum produced the same effect to a less pronounced degree . 
The permeability of the kidneys as determined in a routine way on healthy calves killed within the 1st week of life ceases after the 3rd day . 
In the two cases fed repeatedly with colostrum , proteinuria was demonstrated up to 6 days in one case . 
The regularity of its disappearance in calves normally fed indicates that more experiments are necessary to prove a longer period of permeability . 
The continued excretion of protein in such animals may be due to a slight lesion of the kidneys . 
There is but one reference to this subject which we have been able to find . 
Langstein and Neuberg in a study of levulose and allantoin in the urine of new - born calves mention the presence of albumin in six cases without , however , making any comments as to its origin or referring it to the ingestion of colostrum . 
According to various observers , albumin may be found in traces during the 4 first days in over 60 per cent of infants examined . 
Since the food has not been taken into consideration renewed observations are needed to determine if the relationship found in calves is also true for the human infant . 
1 . 
In order to be able to compare the effects of electrolytes on membrane potentials and cataphoretic potentials it seems necessary to distinguish between the charging and depressing effect of electrolytes on these potentials . 
Only low concentrations of acids and alkalies have a charging effect on the membrane potentials of proteins , while low concentrations of neutral salts have only a depressing effect ; in the case of the cataphoretic potentials , low concentrations of salts have a charging effect as have also low concentrations of alkalies and in some cases low concentrations of acids . 
This difference finds its explanation in the difference of the origin of the two potentials and there can therefore be no common theory for the charging effect of electrolytes in the two cases . 
2 . 
There exists , however , an analogy in the depressing action of electrolytes on the two types of potentials inasmuch when the maximal P . D . 
is reached , all three kinds of electrolytes , acids , alkalies , and neutral salts , have a depressing effect on both types of potentials ( taking into due consideration the effect of changes in the hydrogen ion concentration ) . 
3 . 
This depressing effect is adequately explained for the membrane potentials of protein solutions and protein gels on the basis of the Donnan equilibrium , and the question arises whether the same explanation may also hold for the cataphoretic potentials . 
4 . 
The active ion in the depressing action of electrolytes on membrane potentials as well as on cataphoretic potentials has the opposite sign of charge from that of the colloidal particle . 
It had been shown before that only the valency but not the chemical nature of the active ion determines the depressing effect in the case of membrane potentials and it is shown in this paper that the same is true for the cataphoretic potentials of particles of collodion , mastic , Acheson ' s graphite , and denatured egg albumin . 
5 . 
It is shown that the same valency rule holds also for the effect of acids on the cataphoretic potentials of collodion particles coated with gelatin , and that the ratio of the effect of dibasic to that of mono - basic acids is approximately 0 . 66 , as Donnan ' s theory of membrane potentials would demand . 
6 . 
If we have a right to conclude from the validity of the valency rule for cataphoretic potentials that the depressing effect of electrolytes on the cataphoretic P . D . 
is determined by the Donnan equilibrium , we can understand the analogy between the depressing action of electrolytes on membrane potentials of hydrophilic colloids and on the cataphoretic potentials of hydrophobic colloids . 
We can also understand the analogy between the influence of electrolytes on the precipitation of hydrophobic colloids and on the depression of the values of all those properties of hydrophilic colloids which depend on the Donnan equilibrium , since the precipitation of hydrophobic colloids occurs when the cataphoretic P . D . 
is depressed below a critical value . 
1 . 
The rate of hydrolysis of a casein solution by trypsin is not affected by the addition of gelatin . 
The trypsin , therefore , is not combined with the gelatin unless there is a separate enzyme for casein and for gelatin . 
2 . 
The presence of casein protects the gelatin - splitting power of trypsin from heat inactivation , and the presence of gelatin protects the casein - splitting power from heat inactivation . 
3 . 
It does not seem possible to account for both the above results by the assumption of an intermediate compound between enzyme and substrate , since , in order to account for the first result , a different enzyme must be assumed for each protein , while , to account for the second result , it must be assumed that the same enzyme attacks both . 
1 . 
The effect of eight salts , NaCl , Na ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) , Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) , CaCl ( 2 ) , LaCl ( 3 ) , ThCl ( 4 ) , and basic and acid fuchsin on the cataphoretic P . D . 
between solid particles and aqueous solutions was measured near the point of neutrality of water ( pH 5 . 8 ) . 
It was found that without the addition of electrolyte the cataphoretic P . D . 
between particles and water is very minute near the point of neutrality ( pH 5 . 8 ) , often less than 10 millivolts , if care is taken that the solutions are free from impurities . 
Particles which in the absence of salts have a positive charge in water near the point of neutrality ( pH 5 . 8 ) are termed positive colloids and particles which have a negative charge under these conditions are termed negative colloids . 
2 . 
If care is taken that the addition of the salt does not change the hydrogen ion concentration of the solution ( which in these experiments was generally pH 5 . 8 ) it can be said in general , that as long as the concentration of salts is not too high , the anions of the salt have the tendency to make the particles more negative ( or less positive ) and that cations have the opposite effect ; and that both effects increase with the increasing valency of the ions . 
As soon as a maximal P . D . 
is reached , which varies for each salt and for each type of particles , a further addition of salt depresses the P . D . 
again . 
Aside from this general tendency the effects of salts on the P . D . 
are typically different for positive and negative colloids . 
3 . 
Negative colloids ( collodion , mastic , Acheson ' s graphite , gold , and metal proteinates ) are rendered more negative by low concentrations of salts with monovalent cation ( e . g .  Na ) the higher the valency of the anion , though the difference in the maximal P . D . 
is slight for the monovalent Cl and the tetravalent Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) ions . 
Low concentrations of CaCl ( 2 ) also make negative colloids more negative but the maximal P . D . 
is less than for NaCl ; even LaCl ( 3 ) increases the P . D . 
of negative particles slightly in low concentrations . 
ThCl ( 4 ) and basic fuchsin , however , seem to make the negative particles positive even in very low concentrations . 
4 . 
Positive colloids ( ferric hydroxide , calcium oxalate , casein chloride - the latter at pH 4 . 0 ) are practically not affected by NaCl , are rendered slightly negative by high concentrations of Na ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) , and are rendered more negative by Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) and acid dyes . 
Low concentrations of CaCl ( 2 ) and LaCl ( 3 ) increase the positive charge of the particles until a maximum is reached after which the addition of more salt depresses the P . D . 
again . 
5 . 
It is shown that alkalies ( NaOH ) act on the cataphoretic P . D . 
of both negative and positive particles as Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) does at the point of neutrality . 
6 . 
Low concentrations of HCl raise the cataphoretic P . D . 
of particles of collodion , mastic , graphite , and gold until a maximum is reached , after which the P . D . 
is depressed by a further increase in the concentration of the acid . 
No reversal in the sign of charge of the particle occurs in the case of collodion , while if a reversal occurs in the case of mastic , gold , and graphite , the P . D . 
is never more than a few millivolts . 
When HCl changes the chemical nature of the colloid , e . g .  when HCl is added to particles of amphoteric electrolytes like sodium gelatinate , a marked reversal will occur , on account of the transformation of the metal proteinate into a protein - acid salt . 
7 . 
A real reversal in the sign of charge of positive particles occurs , however , at neutrality if Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) or an acid dye is added ; and in the case of negative colloids when low concentrations of basic dyes or minute traces of ThCl ( 4 ) are added . 
8 . 
Flocculation of the suspensions by salts occurs when the cataphoretic P . D . 
reaches a critical value which is about 14 millivolts for particles of graphite , gold , or mastic or denatured egg albumin ; while for collodion particles it was about 16 millivolts . 
A critical P . D . 
of about 15 millivolts was also observed by Northrop and De Kruif for the flocculation of certain bacteria . 
Titrations have been made , by the conductivity method , of gelatin solutions with hydrochloric and sulphuric acids . 
The results indicate an end - point at about 8 . 6 cc . 
of N / 10 acid per gm . 
of gelatin , or a combining weight of about 1 , 160 . 
These results are in fair agreement with those previously obtained by the hydrogen electrode method . 
Better agreement between the two methods was found in the case of deaminized gelatin . 
The data are in accord with a purely chemical conception of the combination between protein and acid . 
Although the results we have recorded merely serve to indicate the possibilities of this interesting field of investigation , we have sufficient data to enable us to draw certain general conclusions . 
In the first place it is evident that the bloods of the more highly developed marine invertebrates , such as the active Crustacia and the Cephalopods , are specially adapted for the carriage of carbon dioxide . 
The quantity of carbon dioxide taken up by the blood of Maia , Palinurus , or Octopus at any given tension of the gas is , in general , about twice or three times as great as that which is taken up by sea water under the same conditions . 
On the other hand , the blood of a slow , creeping form , such as Aplysia , or of a sessile animal such as the ascidian Phallusia shows no more adaptation for the carriage of carbon dioxide than does sea water . 
But our estimations of the CO ( 2 ) content of the blood as it circulates in the bodies of these more active invertebrates show that the conditions of transport of this gas differ considerably in some respects from those which obtain in mammals . 
For the invertebrate blood in the body contains only a relatively small quantity of carbon dioxide , averaging in the forms we examined from 3 to 10 cc . 
per 100 cc . 
of blood . 
This forms a marked contrast with the condition found in mammals where even the arterial blood contains about 50 cc . 
of CO ( 2 ) per 100 cc . 
of blood . 
The invertebrate , therefore , works at a very low CO ( 2 ) tension . 
There is a twofold significance in this circumstance . 
In the first place , it means that only the first portion of the carbon dioxide dissociation curve is in use in the respiratory mechanism . 
Now an inspection of our curves will show that at these low carbon dioxide tensions the dissociation curves tend to be steeper than at higher tensions . 
As we intend to show in a later paper it can be proved mathematically that , other things being equal , a blood with a carbon dissociation curve of moderate steepness , i . e .  one in which the carbon dioxide content of the blood increases fairly rapidly with increase of carbon dioxide tension , is a more efficient carrier of the gas from the tissues to a respiratory surface than a blood in which the dissociation curve is either steeper or flatter . 
It would seem as if the active invertebrates avoid the use of too flat a part of their CO ( 2 ) dissociation curves by working over the initial steeper portion . 
Furthermore , it is seen that over the range of this initial steep portion of the curves the changes of reaction produced by the uptake of carbon dioxide are much smaller than at higher tensions of the gas ; for these initial portions of the curves are more nearly parallel to the lines of constant reaction calculated for a temperature of 15 degrees C . according to Hasselbalch ' s method ( 10 ) on the assumption that the whole of the combined CO ( 2 ) is in the form of sodium bicarbonate . 
It is evident also that on this assumption the hydrogen ion concentration of the blood of invertebrates ( with the exception of the tunicates ) would appear to be practically the same as that of the warm - blooded vertebrates - a conclusion confirmed by the direct measurements of Quagliariello ( 9 ) . 
On the other hand , our measurements do not lend support to the idea put forward by Collip ( 4 ) that in order to maintain an appropriate faintly alkaline reaction an invertebrate needs to retain carbon dioxide in its blood at a comparatively high tension . 
This idea was based on the observation that at comparatively high CO ( 2 ) tensions the blood of invertebrates contains considerably more sodium bicarbonate than does sea water . 
But our curves show that this is no longer true at the lower values of carbon dioxide tension , the amount of sodium bicarbonate falling off more rapidly in the blood than in the sea water with diminution of the carbon dioxide tension so that in order to maintain an appropriate reaction in the blood only a comparatively small tension of CO ( 2 ) is required . 
The largest amount of carbon dioxide that we found present in the circulating blood of any of the types examined was 9 . 7 cc . 
per 100 cc . 
of blood in the case of Maia , and in most cases the amount was considerably less . 
But even this lowest value corresponds to a tension of CO ( 2 ) of only about 3 mm . , so that the tension gradient across the gill membrane must be even less than this . 
We would emphasize rather the circumstances that as the portion of the dissociation curve over which the reaction is approximately constant is of but small extent , it is necessary that in an active form like Octopus the carbon dioxide produced should be removed rapidly lest an accumulation of it should cause the limits of normal reaction to be exceeded ; and this need is correlated with the extreme efficiency of the respiratory apparatus in this animal . 
It is interesting to notice that the mammal which , in order to obtain an appropriate reaction in the blood , has to work at relatively high carbon dioxide tensions where the dissociation curve is comparatively flat , secures a steeper physiological CO ( 2 ) dissociation curve in the body , and with it a more efficient carriage of carbon dioxide and a more constant reaction in the circulating fluid , in virtue of the effect of oxygenation on the carbon dioxide - combining power of its blood ( 3 , 6 ) . 
Returning now to the consideration of the actual form of the dissociation curves we have obtained - it is a significant fact that it is in those forms such as Maia , Palinurus , and Octopus whose bloods are rich in proteins - particularly hemocyanine - that the initial steep portion of the curve is observed . 
This suggests that in these forms the blood proteins act as weak acids and expel carbon dioxide from the blood at the low tensions which include the physiological range , just as in vertebrates the hemoglobin similarly displaces carbonic acid from its combination with alkali metal . 
On the other hand the coelomic fluid of Aplysia contains no pigment and only 0 . 00672 per cent of protein nitrogen ( Bottazzi ( 11 ) ) and shows no initial rapidly ascending portion of the CO ( 2 ) dissociation curve . 
This is supported by the observation of Quagliariello ( 9 ) that the acid - neutralising power of the blood of an invertebrate is roughly proportional to its protein content . 
It seems as if the proteins of invertebrate blood like the blood proteins of vertebrates , exist in the form of sodium salts which are capable of giving up sodium for the transport of carbon dioxide as sodium bicarbonate . 
That this is so in the case of hemocyanine follows from the fact that the isoelectric point of this pigment occurs at a hydrogen ion concentration of 2 . 12 x 10 ( - 5 ) N , i . e .  at a pH of 4 . 67 ( Quagliariello ( 12 ) ) so that in the alkaline blood of the invertebrates possessing it , hemocyanine will act as a weak acid . 
It is probable that the initial steep portion of the carbon dioxide dissociation curves which we have found to be of such importance in the respiration physiology of Octopus , Palinurus , and Maia is produced by the competition of this acid with carbonic acid for the available sodium of the blood . 
In our experience , covering a large number of rabbits , we have found that the condition known as snuffles falls into different types , the acute and fatal , symptomatic of some underlying infection such as septicemia or pneumonia ; and the intermittent , and the chronic . 
The intermittent and the chronic types considered in this paper are those most commonly present in laboratory stocks . 
Our observations point to a widespread prevalence of the disease among rabbits kept under laboratory conditions . 
This statement might be questioned had the stock we examined been derived from a single source . 
But the animals were procured from dealers who obtain rabbits in New York , Pennsylvania , Ohio , and as far west as Michigan . 
The same dealers supply the stock of most of the laboratories in the East . 
Hence we believe that this disease is found generally prevalent in this part of the country . 
We have demonstrated that practically all rabbits with intermittent or chronic snuffles reveal old chronic inflammatory processes of the upper nasal passages associated with thick inspissated pus in one or more sinuses . 
Moreover , these conditions are also present in about one - tenth of carefully selected , supposedly normal stock rabbits and in one - fourth of a casually selected group , free , during long periods of observation , from any of the symptoms of active snuffles . 
The peculiar anatomy of the animal ' s nose which predisposes to the ready formation of enclosed pockets of purulent material may be the cause for the chronicity of upper nasal affections . 
When the animal ' s resistance is lowered , the long standing , inflammatory process can flare up into an acute exacerbation , and then show itself as typical snuffles . 
Various means can effect this : chilling the body , the intravenous injection of foreign proteins such as killed vaccines , or the intranasal inoculation of microorganisms of divers species . 
Bacteriological examination of the nasal secretions or sinus pus from animals with snuffles and those apparently free of the disease shows the presence in both cases of various microorganisms - Staphylococcus albus , Bacillus bronchisepticus , Bacillus lepisepticus , and others , in order of frequency . 
Different bacteria may be found in different sinuses in the same animal . 
A lack of recognition of these factors has led , we believe , to erroneous conclusions with regard to the inciting agent of the disease . 
Bacillus lepisepticus and Bacillus bronchisepticus have been declared the incitants of snuffles . 
Our experiments , in which an attempt was made to induce the disease de novo with these microorganisms , failed . 
In all cases ( with a single exception ) in which snuffles followed , there was evidence of an infection which , judging from the condition of the nasal passages and from the cells in the exudates or secretions , had existed before the inoculations were made . 
Furthermore , the microorganisms recovered from the nasal passages had as a rule no relationship to those in the material inoculated . 
We attempted also to produce snuffles by inoculating intranasally the unfiltered and filtered suspensions of the ground nasal mucous membranes from typical cases of the disease occurring in stock rabbits . 
These attempts also failed . 
It appears , therefore , that intermittent and chronic snuffles , as it attacks rabbits kept under laboratory conditions , is , as a rule , a sign of an underlying condition - an exacerbation of a chronic inflammatory process in the upper nasal passages , associated with a purulent paranasal sinusitis . 
The microorganisms recovered are to be looked upon as tending to maintain such conditions but we have still been unable to reproduce typical snuffles with them , employing supposedly normal stock rabbits for the purpose . 
One may presume that some agent , as yet undetermined , diminishes the resistance of the nasal mucosa , allowing different bacteria to invade and multiply there , thus causing disturbance . 
In this respect perhaps an analogous condition exists to that which prevails in epidemic influenza and common colds in man . 
It is obvious that further work along these lines cannot be properly carried out with rabbits whose antecedent history is unknown . 
The problem of the incitant of snuffles can best be studied in a breeding stock which is well controlled , one affording an opportunity to observe the animals from an early period of life . 
Ligation of the cardiac end of the stomach or of the esophagus in ten dogs produced a severe toxemia , and rapid death . 
In seven of the animals there occurred a marked rise in the total non - protein nitrogen and urea nitrogen of the blood . 
The dogs living longest with cardiac obstruction showed a fall in blood chlorides and a rise in the CO ( 2 ) - combining power of the plasma . 
All the dogs with an obstruction of the esophagus showed a fall in blood chlorides . 
Control animals subjected to other types of abdominal operations showed no significant changes in the blood . 
1 . 
The analysis of isoelectric gelatin by the Van Slyke method indicates 0 . 00040 equivalents of amino N per gm . 
gelatin . 
2 . 
If deaminized gelatin is prepared without heating , the product contains less nitrogen than the original gelatin by an amount equal to 0 . 00040 equivalents N per gm . 
protein . 
3 . 
Deaminized gelatin , prepared either with or without heating , contains no amino nitrogen detectable with certainty by either the Van Slyke or the formol titration method . 
4 . 
The isoelectric point of deaminized gelatin prepared without heating is at pH 4 . 0 . 
5 . 
The maximum combining capacity of this protein for HCl is 0 . 00044 equivalents per gm . 
6 . 
The maximum combining capacity of gelatin for HCl should be corrected to 0 . 00089 equivalents per gm . 
7 . 
The difference between these maximum combining capacities , 0 . 00045 , is nearly equivalent to the loss in amino or total nitrogen occurring in the deaminizing reaction . 
8 . 
This equivalence constitutes a new indication that the combination of protein with acid is chemical combination . 
1 . 
Stability and potential of Bacterium coli suspensions depend , not only on the strain of the organism and the medium in which it is suspended , but also on the previous treatment of the suspension , and the length of time it has been in the medium . 
2 . 
When treated at acid reactions , the negative charge on the bacteria is diminished ; with some strains , a positive charge is acquired . 
Changes in stability accompany the changes in potential . 
3 . 
Washing acid - treated bacteria at neutral or slightly alkaline reactions does not restore the original potential ; the zone of flocculation is moved toward the alkaline side . 
4 . 
These changes are due to two factors : the extraction of a soluble protein which combines with the surfaces of the cells , and a further irreversible change of the cell or its membrane . 
1 . 
The cataphoretic P . D . 
of suspended particles is assumed to be due to an excess in the concentration of one kind of a pair of oppositely charged ions in the film of water enveloping the particles and this excess is generally ascribed to a preferential adsorption of this kind of ions by the particle . 
The term adsorption fails , however , to distinguish between the two kinds of forces which can bring about such an unequal distribution of ions between the enveloping film and the opposite film of the electrical double layer , namely , forces inherent in the water itself and forces inherent in the particle ( e . g .  chemical attraction between particle and adsorbed ions ) . 
2 . 
It had been shown in a preceding paper that collodion particles suspended in an aqueous solution of an ordinary electrolyte like NaCl , Na ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) , Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) , CaCl ( 2 ) , HCl , H ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) , or NaOH are always negatively charged , and that the addition of these electrolytes increases the negative charge as long as their concentration is below M / 1 , 000 until a certain maximal P . D . 
is reached . 
Hence no matter whether acid , alkali , or a neutral salt is added , the concentration of anions must always be greater in the film enveloping the collodion particles than in the opposite film of the electrical double layer , and the reverse is true for the concentration of cations . 
This might suggest that the collodion particles , on account of their chemical constitution , attract anions with a greater force than cations , but such an assumption is rendered difficult in view of the following facts . 
3 . 
Experiments with dyes show that at pH 5 . 8 collodion particles are stained by basic dyes ( i . e .  dye cations ) but not by acid dyes ( i . e .  dye anions ) , and that solutions of basic dyes are at pH 5 . 8 more readily decolorized by particles of collodion than acid dyes . 
It is also shown in this paper that crystalline egg albumin , gelatin , and Witte ' s peptone form durable films on collodion only when the protein exists in the form of a cation or when it is isoelectric , but not when it exists in the form of an anion ( i . e .  on the alkaline side of its isoelectric point ) . 
Hence if any ions of dyes or proteins are permanently bound at the surface of collodion particles through forces inherent in the collodion they are cations but not anions . 
The fact that isoelectric proteins form durable films on collodion particles suggests , that the forces responsible for this combination are not ionic . 
4 . 
It is shown that salts of dyes or proteins , the cations of which are capable of forming durable films on the surface of the collodion , influence the cataphoretic P . D . 
of the collodion particles in a way entirely different from that of any other salts inasmuch as surprisingly low concentrations of salts , the cation of which is a dye or a protein , render the negatively charged collodion particles positive . 
Crystalline egg albumin and gelatin have such an effect even in concentrations of 1 / 130 , 000 or 1 / 65 , 000 of 1 per cent , i . e .  in a probable molar concentration of about 10 ( - 9 ) . 
5 . 
Salts in which the dye or protein is an anion have no such effect but act like salts of the type of NaCl or Na ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) on the cataphoretic P . D . 
of collodion particles . 
6 . 
Amino - acids do not form durable films on the surface of collodion particles at any pH and the salts of amino - acids influence their cataphoretic P . D . 
in the same way as NaCl but not in the same way as proteins or dyes , regardless of whether the amino - acid ion is a cation or an anion . 
7 . 
Ordinary salts like LaCl ( 3 ) also fail to form a durable film on the surface of collodion particles . 
8 . 
Until evidence to the contrary is furnished , these facts seem to suggest that the increase of the negative charge of the collodion particles caused by the addition of low concentrations of ordinary electrolytes is chiefly if not entirely due to forces inherent in the aqueous solution but to a less extent , if at all , due to an attraction of the anions of the electrolyte by forces inherent in the collodion particles . 
1 . 
Active immunity against many lethal doses of Pneumococcus Types I , II , and III may be produced in mice by two or three subcutaneous injections of the homologous type of pneumococcus saline vaccine . 
2 . 
Mice may be actively immunized with the protein fraction obtained by treating pneumococci with anhydrous sodium sulfate or by solution of pneumococci in bile salts and precipitation with alcohol . 
Pneumococcus antigen is therefore carried within or adheres to the protein fraction of the organism . 
3 . 
Pneumococcus antigen is resistant to prolonged autolysis and to tryptic digestion , and can be recovered from the soluble portions of digests of either the intact bacteria or the bacterial protein . 
4 . 
The antigen may be isolated from each of the three fixed types of pneumococcus by tryptic digestion of the pneumococci and extraction of the digest with 70 to 90 per cent alcohol . 
The antigen is not soluble in absolute alcohol , nor is it soluble in ether or in the other lipoidal solvents . 
5 . 
The immunizing property of slightly acid solutions of the antigen is not impaired by boiling for 5 minutes , nor by heating at 56 degrees C . for 1 hour . 
Sterile unpreserved solutions of the antigen did not deteriorate by standing in the refrigerator for 3 ( 1 / 2 ) months . 
6 . 
The exact chemical nature of pneumococcus antigen still remains to be determined . 
From the experiments reported it appears that the antigen is non - lipoidal , that it probably adheres to the protein fraction in a loose chemical or physical union rather than representing a protein complex of a large molecular size , as shown by its solubility in alcohol , its thermostability , and its resistance to proteolytic digestion . 
7 . 
Some of the antigens studied have been shown to contain a non - specific factor promoting the growth of bacteria . 
8 . 
The purified pneumococcus antigen solutions are non - toxic for mice . 
1 . 
The alcohol - soluble extract of heterogenetic antigen , which possesses the specific chemical structure of the entire antigen , has a detectable but generally very slight power to increase the amount of heterogenetic antibodies , when injected into rabbits . 
2 . 
This substance can be transformed into an efficient antigen by mixing it with protein solutions such as diluted normal serum . 
3 . 
Such mixtures are considerably more active than the same substances injected separately . 
Therefore , the effect of the serum is probably due to the formation in vitro of a loose compound between the alcohol - soluble substance and protein , the compound acting as a complete antigen . 
4 . 
It may be supposed that there exists a group of natural antigens which are built up of one specifically reacting part that is almost or entirely devoid of antigenic properties , and another part , a protein , responsible for the immunizing effect . 
A few brief statements summarizing the foregoing conclusions may make a picture of the structure of the starch grain somewhat clearer . 
1 . 
The presence of lines on the negatives indicates a regular arrangement of the planes of atoms . 
2 . 
The lines are in close agreement with lines which would be produced by a lattice of the tetragonal system , the elementary cell of which is a square prism with the dimensions 5 . 94 x 5 . 94 x 5 . 05 A . u . 
3 . 
The unit of the lattice occupies a space equal to the volume of the starch group , C ( 6 ) H ( 10 ) O ( 5 ) . 
4 . 
The large number of atoms in the unit makes it highly probable that principal planes and secondary planes of atoms occur for every reflecting position . 
5 . 
The effect of the secondary upon the principal planes may readily account for the differences in the density of the lines produced on the negatives . 
6 . 
From theoretical considerations , reflections , such as those obtained , would occur if starch grains were built up of concentric layers of units . 
7 . 
Two other factors which might affect the density of the lines are thermal agitation and the curvature of the concentric layers . 
8 . 
A model of the starch group was constructed to scale based on the accepted sizes of the atoms involved and upon rather meager chemical evidence . 
The model apparently fulfills the requirements necessary to produce reflections such as were obtained . 
9 . 
The model fits the elementary cell loosely enough to suggest a low density and to allow for considerable thermal movement . 
At the same time , parts of it approach the faces of the cell closely enough to make cohesion seem possible . 
10 . 
The model makes clearer the basis for the assumption that reflection from certain positions would be stronger than from others . 
If the interpretation of the data is correct and if the assumptions made are sound , then the starch grain is built up of units arranged in concentric layers , and the units are groups of atoms , each containing 6 carbon , 10 hydrogen , and 5 oxygen atoms . 
Such a structure is certainly not an amorphous structure , and on the other hand it is not crystalline in the common sense of the term . 
Parts of the grain , it is true , act as crystals in that for certain distances the layers of units are in planes , but taken as a whole the layers are curved . 
As to the validity of the conclusions , those pertaining to the type of lattice and to the size of the unit may be accepted as sound in our present knowledge of x - rays and crystal structure ; those , however , pertaining to the nature and the spherical arrangement of the units , while they seem convincing , need the support of further investigation into the various structures deposited by living protoplasm . 
In conclusion , the assumption that the units form a sort of spherical space lattice , gives a picture of the starch grain which leads us to ponder over the nature of the activity in protoplasm when it is depositing solid substances . 
Starch , cellulose , and pectic bodies are about the only solid deposits made directly by the living substance of plants , and all three have the same proportional formula , C ( 6 ) H ( 10 ) O ( 5 ) . 
Investigations , as yet incomplete , indicate that cellulose also consists of a regular arrangement of C ( 6 ) H ( 10 ) O ( 5 ) groups , each acting as a unit , but the spacing ( 6 . 14 x 6 . 14 x 5 . 55 ) is slightly different from that of starch . 
Pectin has not been studied . 
Protoplasm may be thought of as being composed of molecules of many different sizes , polypeptides , or even proteins forming the larger , and amino - acids the smaller , if water and electrolytes are ignored . 
The smaller molecules , such as those of the amino - acid , leucine , are approximately equal in size to the C ( 6 ) H ( 10 ) O ( 5 ) group of starch . 
That being the case , what can be the state of affairs at the interface when the starch particles are being deposited ? 
Is it probable that protoplasm is homogeneous to the extent of being able to deposit these particles at 6 A . u . 
intervals ? 
From quite another view - point a clear picture of the units of structure and their arrangement in cellulose should give a new point of attack on the many problems connected with osmosis . 
And from still a different view - point , it might lead perhaps , to a solution of problems connected with swelling . 
Another line of thought is suggested by the uniformity of the groups in the starch grain . 
Since the C ( 6 ) H ( 10 ) O ( 5 ) group occurs as an individual unit , one is inclined to suspect that it is really the molecule . 
Generally the starch molecule is considered to be very large , to be composed of several dozens of such groups , and to have a molecular weight of 7 , 000 or much more . 
No one figure , however , seems satisfactory to the different authorities . 
There is already at hand considerable evidence which will be assembled in a later paper favoring the single group , C ( 6 ) H ( 10 ) O ( 5 ) , as the molecule . 
Finally , problems in polarized light may receive more satisfactory explanations through a clearer notion of the molecular structure of the carbohydrates . 
1 . 
Charcoal removes trypsin from solution . 
The amount removed depends on the order in which the solutions are mixed . 
The reaction is not reversible and is almost independent of the pH of the solution . 
2 . 
Charcoal which has been previously treated with gelatin does not remove trypsin from solution . 
3 . 
The reaction is not analogous either to the reaction between trypsin and the inhibiting substance of serum or to the reaction between solid protein and either pepsin or trypsin . 
When cells of Nitella are placed in buffer solutions at pH 9 , there is a very slow and gradual increase in the pH of the sap from pH 5 . 6 to 6 . 4 ( when death of the cells takes place ) . 
If the living cells are placed in 0 . 002 per cent dye solutions of brilliant cresyl blue at different pH values ( from pH 6 . 6 to pH 9 ) , it is found that the rate of penetration of the dye , and the final equilibrium attained , increases with increase in pH value , which can be attributed to an increase in the active protein ( or other amphoteric electrolyte ) in the cell which can combine with the dye . 
1 . 
The protein precipitated by acetic acid from solutions of pneumococci shows chemical reactions characteristic of nucleoprotein and mucoid . 
2 . 
The protein of pneumococcus , as contrasted with the non - protein soluble specific substance , exhibits species specificity rather than the type specificity characteristic of the latter . 
Experiments to determine the effect of furnishing an ample supply of sodium chloride on the toxemia of pyloric and intestinal obstruction are reported . 
A fall in chlorides is the first and seemingly most significant change to take place in the blood after pyloric and intestinal obstruction . 
The chloride is apparently utilized by the body as a protective measure against the primary toxic substance . 
Two dogs with pyloric obstruction were given 50 cc . 
of 10 per cent NaCl subcutaneously daily . 
One lived 3 days , the other 4 . 
The blood showed little change , except a marked terminal rise in chlorides . 
Animals given a like amount of distilled water or 25 per cent glucose showed the changes typical of untreated animals . 
The obstruction of the pylorus was released in six dogs 48 to 72 hours after the initial operation . 
Two died within 24 hours after the second operation with a high non - protein nitrogen in the blood . 
Two survived but showed a high level of non - protein nitrogen in the blood and a high nitrogen excretion in the urine , low blood chlorides , and a marked alkalosis . 
One dog in such a state died on the 13th day from peritonitis , arising in a wound infection . 
The other showed a marked fall in non - protein nitrogen in the blood following the administration of 10 gm . 
of sodium chloride by mouth , but died following the intravenous injection of 25 per cent sodium chloride . 
Two animals were given 50 cc . 
of 10 per cent NaCl subcutaneously , at the time of the second operation . 
The blood rapidly returned to normal and complete recovery followed . 
Two dogs with the duodenum obstructed by section and inversion of the cut ends were treated with 10 per cent sodium chloride after the obstruction had existed for 48 hours and the characteristic blood changes had developed . 
The non - protein nitrogen returned to normal within 48 hours after treatment was begun . 
One dog died following a lateral anastomosis for relief of the obstruction . 
A second operation was not attempted in the other animal . 
Two dogs in which the duodenum was obstructed by section and inversion of the cut ends were given 500 cc . 
of 0 . 85 per cent NaCl subcutaneously on the day of operation and each day thereafter until death . 
One dog lived 21 days , the other 28 . 
Both dogs showed a marked alkalosis , but never any rise in the non - protein nitrogen of the blood . 
The animals at autopsy showed intussusception of the ileum with extensive ulceration . 
In one there was a perforation and terminal peritonitis . 
The operation wounds healed normally . 
Three dogs with section of the duodenum were given 500 cc . 
of distilled water every day . 
One died in 24 hours , one in 48 hours , and the third in 72 hours . 
Autopsy showed no cause for death other than toxemia . 
One dog with section of the duodenum was given 500 cc . 
of 2 per cent glucose every day . 
The blood showed a rapid rise in non - protein nitrogen and carbon dioxide - combining power , and a fall in chlorides . 
The animal died 72 hours after operation . 
Three dogs with section of the duodenum were given 500 cc . 
of 1 per cent sodium bicarbonate every day . 
One dog died in 72 hours , one lived 7 days , and the third lived 9 days . 
All developed a high non - protein nitrogen in the blood and two showed marked clinical symptoms of an alkalosis . 
These results demonstrate that solutions of sodium chloride have a marked effect in preventing and controlling the toxemia of pyloric and intestinal obstruction as shown in clinical symptoms and in chemical changes in the blood . 
Dogs given an abundant supply of distilled water died more quickly than untreated control animals . 
Solutions of glucose have no specific value , and sodium bicarbonate solutions prolong life only a short while . 
Good therapeutic results have been obtained with very concentrated sodium chloride solutions , and with dry sodium chloride given by mouth . 
It seems evident that sodium chloride has a specific action in preventing and possibly in controlling the changes produced by the toxic body . 
Sodium chloride is a valuable therapeutic agent in pyloric and high intestinal obstruction . 
IT MAY BE CONCLUDED THAT , UNDER THE CONDITIONS OF THE EXPERIMENTS : 1 . 
The duration of life of fibroblasts is not altered by the presence of 7 per cent serum in a medium composed of fibrin and Tyrode solution , but is slightly decreased when the concentration of the serum reaches 25 per cent . 
2 . 
Fibroblasts cultivated in serum or in Tyrode solution are only in a condition of survival ; they do not build up new protoplasm from the serum proteins and their mass does not increase . 
3 . 
When embryonic tissue juice is added to the medium , the tissues increase in mass . 
But the rate of growth is the same in media containing 0 per cent and 10 per cent serum . 
In 25 per cent serum , however , the rate of growth slightly decreases . 
Even in the presence of embryonic tissue juice , serum does not increase the rate of growth of connective tissue . 
4 . 
The nitrogenous compounds contained in serum are not used as food material by fibroblasts growing in vitro . 
It is shown by the older experiments by Loeb and by the experiments reported in this paper that the effect of salts on the membrane potentials , osmotic pressure , swelling of gelatin chloride , and that type of viscosity which is due to the swelling of protein particles , depends only on the valency but not on the chemical nature of the anion of the salt , and that the cation of the salt has no effect on these properties , if the pH of the protein solution or protein gel is not altered by the salt . 
The so called Hofmeister series of salt effects on these four properties are purely fictitious and due to the failure of the former authors to measure the hydrogen ion concentration of their protein solutions or gels and to compare the effects of salts at the same pH of the protein solution or the protein gel . 
These results confirm the older experiments of Loeb and together they furnish a further proof for the correctness of the idea that the influence of electrolytes on the four properties of proteins is determined by membrane equilibria . 
Such properties of proteins which do not depend on membrane equilibria , such as solubility or cohesion , may be affected not only by the valency but also by the chemical nature of the ions of a salt . 
1 . 
The action of a number of acids on four properties of gelatin ( membrane potentials , osmotic pressure , swelling , and viscosity ) was studied . 
The acids used can be divided into three groups ; first , monobasic acids ( HCl , HBr , HI , HNO ( 3 ) , acetic , propionic , and lactic acids ) ; second , strong dibasic acids ( H ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) and sulfosalicylic acid ) which dissociate as dibasic acids in the range of pH between 4 . 7 and 2 . 5 ; and third , weak dibasic and tribasic acids ( succinic , tartaric , citric ) which dissociate as monobasic acids at pH 3 . 0 or below and dissociate increasingly as dibasic acids , according to their strength , with pH increasing above 3 . 0 . 
2 . 
If the influence of these acids on the four above mentioned properties of gelatin is plotted as ordinates over the pH of the gelatin solution or gelatin gel as abscissae , it is found that all the acids have the same effect where the anion is monovalent ; this is true for the seven monobasic acids at all pH and for the weak dibasic and tribasic acids at pH below 3 . 0 . 
The two strong dibasic acids ( the anion of which is divalent in the whole range of pH of these experiments ) have a much smaller effect than the acids with monovalent anion . 
The weak dibasic and tribasic acids act , at pH above 3 . 0 , like acids the anion of which is chiefly monovalent but which contain also divalent anions increasing with pH and with the strength of the acid . 
3 . 
These experiments prove that only the valency but not the other properties of the anion of an acid influences the four properties of gelatin mentioned , thus absolutely contradicting the Hofmeister anion series in this case which were due to the failure of the earlier experimenters to measure properly the pH of their protein solutions or gels and to compare the effects of acids at the same pH of the protein solution or protein gel after equilibrium was established . 
4 . 
It is shown that the validity of the valency rule and the non - validity of the Hofmeister anion series for the four properties of proteins mentioned are consequences of the fact that the influence of acids on the membrane potentials , osmotic pressure , swelling , and viscosity of gelatin is due to the Donnan equilibrium between protein solutions or gels and the surrounding aqueous solution . 
This equilibrium depends only on the valency but not on any other property of the anion of an acid . 
5 . 
That the valency rule is determined by the Donnan equilibrium is strikingly illustrated by the ratio of the membrane potentials for divalent and monovalent anions of acids . 
Loeb has shown that the Donnan equilibrium demands that this ratio should be 0 . 66 and the actual measurements agree with this postulate of the theory within the limits of accuracy of the measurements . 
6 . 
The valency rule can be expected to hold for only such properties of proteins as depend upon the Donnan equilibrium . 
Properties of proteins not depending on the Donnan equilibrium may be affected not only by the valency but also by the chemical nature of the anion of an acid . 
1 . 
The solubility in water of purified , uncombined casein has previously been reported to be 0 . 11 gm . 
in 1 liter at 25 degrees C . This solubility represents the sum of the concentrations of the casein molecule and of the soluble ions into which it dissociates . 
2 . 
The solubility of casein has now been studied in systems containing the protein and varying amounts of sodium hydroxide . 
It was found that casein forms a well defined soluble disodium compound , and that solubility was completely determined by ( a ) the solubility of the casein molecule , and ( b ) the concentration of the disodium casein compound . 
3 . 
In our experiments each mol of sodium hydroxide combined with approximately 2 , 100 gm . 
of casein . 
4 . 
The equivalent combining weight of casein for this base is just half the minimal molecular weight as calculated from the sulfur and phosphorus content , and one - sixth the minimal molecular weight calculated from the tryptophane content of casein . 
5 . 
From the study of systems containing the protein and very small amounts of sodium hydroxide it was possible to determine the solubility of the casein molecule , and also the degree to which it dissociated as a divalent acid and combined with base . 
6 . 
Solubility in such systems increased in direct proportion to the amount of sodium hydroxide they contained . 
7 . 
The concentration of the soluble casein compound varied inversely as the square of the hydrogen ion concentration , directly as the solubility of the casein molecule , Su , and as the constants Ka ( 1 ) and Ka ( 2 ) defining its acid dissociation . 
8 . 
The product of the solubility of the casein molecule and its acid dissociation constants yields the solubility product constant , Su . Ka ( 1 ) . Ka ( 2 ) = 2 . 2 x 10 ( - 12 ) gm . 
casein per liter at 25 degrees C . 9 . 
The solubility of the casein molecule has been estimated from this constant , and also from the relation between the solubility of the casein and the sodium hydroxide concentration , to be approximately 0 . 09 gm . 
per liter at 25 degrees C . 10 . 
The product of the acid dissociation constants , Ka ( 1 ) and Ka ( 2 ) , must therefore be 24 x 10 ( - 12 ) N . 11 . 
It is believed that these constants completely characterize the solubility of casein in systems containing the protein and small amounts of sodium hydroxide . 
1 . 
It has been shown in preceding publications that the membrane potentials of protein solutions or gels are determined by differences in the concentration of a common ion ( e . g .  hydrogen ion ) inside a protein solution or protein gel and an outside aqueous solution free from protein , and that the membrane potentials can be calculated with a good degree of accuracy from Donnan ' s equation for membrane equilibria . 
2 . 
On the basis of the theory of electrical double layers developed by Helmholtz , we are forced to assume that the cataphoretic potentials of protein particles are determined by a difference in the concentration of the two oppositely charged ions of the same electrolyte in the two strata of an electrical double layer surrounding the protein particle but situated entirely in the aqueous solution . 
3 . 
The membrane potentials of proteins agree with the cataphoretic potentials in that the sign of charge of the protein is negative on the alkaline side and positive on the acid side of the isoelectric point of the protein in both membrane potentials and cataphoretic potentials . 
The two types of potential of proteins disagree , especially in regard to the action of salts with trivalent and tetravalent ions on the sign of charge of the protein . 
While low concentrations of these salts bring about a reversal of the sign of the cataphoretic potentials of protein particles ( at least in the neighborhood of the isoelectric point ) , the same salts can bring the membrane potentials of proteins only to zero , but call bring about no or practically no reversal of the sign of charge of the protein . 
Where salts seem to bring about a reversal in the membrane potential of protein solutions , the reversal is probably in reality always due to a change in the pH . 
4 . 
We may state , as a result of our experiments , that the cataphoretic migration and the cataphoretic P . D . 
of protein particles or of suspended particles coated with a protein are the result of two groups of forces ; namely , first , forces inherent in the protein particles ( these forces being linked with the membrane equilibrium between protein particles and the outside aqueous solution ) ; and second , forces inherent entirely in the aqueous solution surrounding the protein particles . 
The forces inherent in the protein particles and linked with the membrane equilibrium prevail to such an extent over the forces inherent in the water , that the sense of the cataphoretic migration of protein particles is determined by the forces resulting from the membrane equilibrium . 
1 . 
It is shown that the concentrations of different salts required to precipitate suspensions of gelatin - coated collodion particles in water are practically identical with the concentrations of the same salts required for the " salting out " of gelatin from aqueous solutions . 
Neither effect shows any relation to the electrical double layers surrounding the particles . 
2 . 
It is shown that at the isoelectric point of gelatin , suspensions of gelatin - coated collodion particles are not stable and it had been shown previously that gelatin is least soluble at the isoelectric point . 
The addition of salt increases both the solubility of gelatin in water as well as the stability of suspensions of gelatin - coated collodion particles in water , and both effects increase with the valency of one of the ions of the salt . 
3 . 
This latter effect is not due to any charges conferred on the gelatin particles by the salts , since the cataphoretic experiments show that salts like NaCl , Na ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) , or CaCl ( 2 ) , which at the isoelectric point of gelatin increase the solubility of gelatin as well as the stability of suspensions of gelatin - coated collodion particles , leave the particles practically uncharged in the concentrations in which the salts are efficient . 
4 . 
It follows from all these facts that the stability of suspensions of gelatin - coated particles in water depends on the solubility of gelatin in water ; e . g . , on the chemical affinity of certain groups of the gelatin molecule for water . 
5 . 
Though crystalline egg albumin is highly soluble in water , the stability of collodion particles coated with crystalline egg albumin does not depend upon the affinity of the albumin molecule for water , but depends practically alone on the electrical double layer surrounding each particle . 
As soon as the P . D . 
of this double layer falls below 13 millivolts , the suspension is no longer stable . 
6 . 
The critical potential for the stability of suspensions of collodion particles coated with genuine egg albumin is the same as that for particles of boiled ( denatured ) white of egg . 
Since through the process of heating , egg albumin loses its solubility in water , it is inferred that egg albumin undergoes the same change when it forms a film around a solid particle like collodion . 
7 . 
The influence of electrolytes on the stability of suspensions of collodion particles coated with casein or edestin was similar to that of collodion particles coated with egg albumin . 
The experiments are , however , complicated by the fact that near the isoelectric point CaCl ( 2 ) and even NaCl cause a suspension again at concentrations of about M / 2 or 1 M , while still higher concentrations may cause a precipitation again . 
These latter effects have no connection with double layers , but belong probably in the category of solubility phenomena . 
8 . 
These experiments permit us to define more definitely the conditions for a general protective action of colloids . 
Protective colloids must be capable of forming a durable film on the surface of the suspended particles and the molecules constituting the film must have a higher attraction for the molecules of the solvent than for each other ; in other words , they must possess true solubility . 
Only in this case can they prevent the precipitating action of low concentrations of electrolytes on particles which are kept in suspension solely by the high potentials of an electrical double layer . 
Thus gelatin films , in which the attraction of the molecules for water is preserved , have a general protective action , while crystalline egg albumin , casein , and edestin , which seem to lose their attraction for water when forming a film , have a protective action only under limited conditions stated in the paper . 
Chemical studies of the blood and urine of four dogs following pyloric obstruction are reported . 
The observations of other workers that a fall in chlorides and a rise in CO ( 2 ) - combining power of the plasma occur , are confirmed . 
There is also a marked rise in the non - protein nitrogen of the blood , consisting mainly of urea nitrogen and undetermined nitrogen . 
The fall in chlorides is not due to the loss of chlorides in the gastric juice . 
The chlorine is probably bound somewhere in the process of protein destruction . 
There is a close relation between the fall in chlorides and the protein destruction . 
A study of tetany should include the protein metabolism as well as that of the inorganic salts , since it seems possible that the tetany is due to protein split - products and not to the alkalosis . 
The chemical changes following pyloric obstruction are essentially the same as those following high intestinal obstruction . 
A study of the non - protein nitrogen , urea nitrogen , uric acid , creatinine , amino - acid nitrogen , sugar , and chlorides of the blood and the CO ( 2 ) - combining power of the plasma in normal dogs , and in dogs after different types of intestinal obstruction , is reported . 
Following ligation of the duodenum , ligation of the duodenum with gastroenterostomy , and ligation of the upper half of the ileum , a fall in chlorides and a rise in the non - protein nitrogen and urea nitrogen of the blood and in the CO ( 2 ) - combining power of the plasma occur . 
The uric acid , creatinine , amino - acid nitrogen , and sugar show no significant changes . 
The fundamental change is a fall in chlorides followed by an alkalosis . 
The degree of alkalosis depends upon the rate of formation of carbonate , rate of excretion by the kidneys , and extent of neutralization of the carbonate by acid bodies formed during the intoxication . 
The fall in chlorides is probably due to a utilization of the chlorine ion in the course of the intoxication . 
It is suggested that this use of chlorine is a protective measure on the part of the body . 
There are indications that high intestinal obstruction should not be treated by the administration of alkalies . 
The urea nitrogen is a good index of the protein destruction . 
Ligation of the ileum at the ileocecal valve is followed by little increase in nitrogen and no change in the chlorides or CO ( 2 ) - combining power of the plasma . 
The close similarity of the blood findings in intestinal obstruction , acute lobar pneumonia , and serum disease suggests that these widely different conditions may have a common chemical basis . 
By a method of cultivation that proved successful with Bacterium pneumosintes , characteristic surface colonies of old saprophytic strains of Treponema pallidum and Treponema calligyrum have been obtained . 
The presence of two types of colony in the pallidum cultures requires explanation , but the fact of colony formation may point the way to new methods of isolation and identification and to the utilization of suspensions of treponemata , free from foreign proteins , for serological and immunological purposes . 
When filtered alkaline extracts of pulverized bacteria of several varieties are precipitated with acid in the cold , boiled with acid , and all materials thrown down by these procedures removed , there remains a small amount of an alcohol - precipitable material which no longer gives any of the ordinary chemical reactions for proteins , such as the biuret , Hopkins - Cole , Millon , and sulfosalicylic acid reactions . 
The only protein reaction usually given by this material is a very weak xanthoproteic reaction . 
Nevertheless , the material , which is , as far as we can determine at present , free from coagulable protein , is specifically precipitable by homologous antiserum and gives specific complement fixation reactions . 
Such material can also be obtained from organisms like the influenza bacillus , pneumococcus , and meningococcus by extraction without preliminary grinding of the bacteria , and is present in filtrates of young and old broth cultures of the organisms . 
We believe that these acid - and heat - resistant antigenic materials are analogous to tuberculin and to the pneumococcus substances with which Dochez and Avery ( 6 ) made their observations some years ago . 
The stability of these substances is considerable and was investigated particularly because we thought this represented an indirect method of eliminating the possibility of their protein nature . 
In all cases boiling in a reflux condenser at an acid reaction ranging from pH 5 to 6 for 1 hour failed to destroy the antigenic specificity of the residue antigens . 
After such treatment satisfactory and specific precipitation reactions could be obtained . 
Similar boiling in alkaline reactions , however , destroyed the precipitability of staphylococcus and influenza residues . 
Subjected to autoclave digestion at an acid reaction of pH 5 . 4 for 1 hour at from three to four atmospheres , none of the antigenic residues investigated , except that obtained from the influenza bacillus , were destroyed . 
The pneumococcus and tubercle bacillus residue antigens were resistant to boiling for 1 hour , both in acid and alkaline reactions ( pH 5 . 4 and 9 . 4 ) . 
In fact , none of the procedures resorted to made any difference with these two last mentioned substances . 
It would seem that these facts would add considerable weight to the assumption that the materials dealt with were not ordinary whole proteins . 
On preservation in the ice box at an alkaline reaction of pH 9 . 4 , the influenza residue deteriorated within 48 hours , but the other antigens withstood similar treatment for 6 days . 
In spite of the fact that these residue antigens were precipitable by homologous sera produced by immunization with the whole bacteria or their unfractionated extracts , we have so far failed to produce antibodies in animals by injecting these residues . 
While this may be due to inability to inject sufficient amounts of the material it still suggests strongly the possibility that we may be dealing with substances that are antigenic only in the sense that they are able to react with antibodies , but are themselves incapable of inciting antibody production . 
We suggest , in this connection , the possibility of the relationship between the power of antibody production and molecular size . 
This phase of the work is being continued on a more extensive scale . 
Our work on the reactions of the residue materials in infected animals indicates , as far as we have gone , that complete analogy exists in this respect between the conditions prevailing in guinea pigs infected with these organisms and those previously elucidated for tuberculous animals . 
This is in keeping with previous knowledge concerning the analogies between the mallein and tuberculin reactions and the studies on skin hypersusceptibility in Bacillus abortus - and typhoid - infected guinea pigs reported by Meyer and his coworkers . 
It would seem from all these facts that , in guinea pigs infected with bacteria capable of forming foci in the body , infection is followed within a variable , but relatively short time ( 5 days to 2 weeks ) by a type of hypersusceptibility which is distinct from protein anaphylaxis and which may be determined by intradermal skin reaction . 
It appears likely that the growing bacteria elaborate in the animal body a metabolic product , possibly not a whole protein , which , though practically non - toxic to normal animals , may become highly and specifically injurious to the infected ones . 
Such a conception , if further confirmed , would lead to greater clearness in our comprehension of the toxic effects occurring in infections with organisms not true exotoxin producers and , judging by the cellular injuries observed in severe skin reactions , may easily explain focal necrosis and the deeper cellular degenerations observed in the course of many bacterial diseases . 
The general bearing of this work upon conceptions of hypersusceptibility is obvious and has been briefly discussed in another paper . 
Its chief significance is in holding out the hope that we may be able to elucidate the mechanism of a type of specific hypersusceptibility in which the antigen concerned is not a coagulable protein and in which the laws of sensitization in regard to time and quantity differ from those recognized in true protein anaphylaxis . 
It seems likely that a recognition of the fact that physical and chemical differences in the substances leading to various forms of specific hypersusceptibilities in the animal body must necessarily influence the mechanism of sensitization , may furnish a clue to further investigations . 
As such materials become simpler in structure , they fail to induce typical antibody production and by gradually increased diffusibility transfer the reactions from the cell surface to the interior of the cell . 
The extremes of the scale of differences would be represented by protein anaphylaxis , on the one hand , and drug idiosyncrasies , on the other . 
Although this suggestion is largely speculative , it has seemed worth mentioning as a line of reasoning suggested by our work . 
Incidentally , these studies may indicate the usefulness of the residue antigens for specific precipitation and complement fixation reactions for routine purposes in laboratory investigations . 
1 . 
This paper gives measurements of the influence of various electrolytes on the cataphoretic P . D . 
of particles of collodion coated with gelatin , of particles of casein , and of particles of boiled egg albumin in water at different pH . 
The influence of the same electrolyte was about the same in all three proteins . 
2 . 
It was found that the salts can be divided into two groups according to their effect on the P . D . 
at the isoelectric point . 
The salts of the first group including salts of the type of NaCl , CaCl ( 2 ) , and Na ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) affect the P . D . 
of proteins at the isoelectric point but little ; the second group includes salts with a trivalent or tetravalent ion such as LaCl ( 3 ) or Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) . 
These latter salts produce a high P . D . 
on the isoelectric particles , LaCl ( 3 ) making them positively and Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) making them negatively charged . 
This difference in the action of the two groups of salts agrees with the observations on the effect of the same salts on the anomalous osmosis through collodion membranes coated with gelatin . 
3 . 
At pH 4 . 0 the three proteins have a positive cataphoretic charge which is increased by LaCl ( 3 ) but not by NaCl or CaCl ( 2 ) , and which is reversed by Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) , the latter salt making the cataphoretic charge of the particles strongly negative . 
4 . 
At pH 5 . 8 the protein particles have a negative cataphoretic charge which is strongly increased by Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) but practically not at all by Na ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) or NaCl , and which is reversed by LaCl ( 3 ) . 
the latter salt making the cataphoretic charge of the particles strongly positive . 
5 . 
The fact that electrolytes affect the cataphoretic P . D . 
of protein particles in the same way , no matter whether the protein is denatured egg albumin or a genuine protein like gelatin , furnishes proof that the solutions of genuine proteins such as crystalline egg albumin or gelatin are not diaphasic systems , since we shall show in a subsequent paper that proteins insoluble in water , e . g .  denatured egg albumin , are precipitated when the cataphoretic P . D . 
falls below a certain critical value , while water - soluble proteins , e . g .  genuine crystalline egg albumin or gelatin , stay in solution even if the P . D . 
of the particles falls below the critical P . D . 
1 . 
By the use of the silver - silver chloride electrode , measurements have been made of the chloride ion concentrations of 1 per cent solutions of five proteins , containing from 0 . 001 N to 0 . 1 N hydrochloric acid . 
The hydrogen ion concentrations of the same solutions have been measured by the use of the hydrogen electrode . 
2 . 
The measurements indicate that the chlorides of gelatin , egg albumin , casein , edestin , and serum globulin are highly ionized electrolytes , ionizing to yield chloride ion and a positive protein - hydrogen ion . 
Their ionization is therefore similar to that of ammonium chloride . 
3 . 
The results do not support the idea that a protein chloride does not yield chloride ion on dissociation . 
They are not in agreement with the idea that the depressing effect of an excess of HCl on the viscosity and other colloidal properties of a protein chloride solution is due to a repression of the ionization of the protein chloride . 
The results are , however , in complete accord with the theory of colloidal behavior advocated by Loeb . 
In the present condition of the technique of cultivation of tissues , the only possible way of studying leucocytic secretions was to grow colonies of leucocytes in a medium of known properties and to examine the modifications of these properties under the influence of the living cells . 
The method was far from perfect , because the secretions were mixed with serum and accumulated for 48 hours in a medium where they probably underwent partial destruction . 
But an approximate idea of certain of the qualities of the secretions , although not of their quantity , could be derived from the experiments . 
In the fluids extracted from the cultures , we attempted to detect the presence of the leucocytic secretions through their physiological effects on homologous and foreign cells . 
Two kinds of substances were sought , those which act on homologous cells , and those which destroy foreign erythrocytes . 
The secretion by leucocytes of substances necessary to the nutrition of other cells was considered as probable long ago . 
Renaut thought that the main function of the white blood corpuscles was to bring to the fixed cells of the tissues the food material which they need . 
While the existence of physiological relations between leucocytes and tissue cells could be considered as almost certain , their nature had remained practically unknown . 
It was probable , however , that the substances secreted by leucocytes were analogous to the growth - activating and unstable substances which are found in embryonic tissues , leucocytes , and certain adult tissues . 
When connective tissue was aseptically inflamed , or when an aseptic peritoneal exudate contained many leucocytes , aqueous extracts of both connective tissue and peritoneal exudate were found to have acquired the power of stimulating cell proliferation . 
These experiments showed that leucocytes could bring to the tissues some activating substances . 
But it remained to be ascertained whether leucocytes , while they are alive , could secrete similar substances either spontaneously or under the stimulus of a foreign factor . 
Leucocytes are supposed to be , as is well know , the origin of the substances which protect the organism against infection . 
Although the problem of the origin of alexin and antibodies has been investigated by many experimenters , it is not yet completely solved . 
It was of interest , therefore , to ascertain whether leucocytic secretions could increase the natural hemolytic effect of hen serum on sheep or rabbit erythrocytes , and whether these secretions would become more active under the influence of a foreign protein . 
The substances which destroy foreign cells are not necessarily different from those which act on homologous cells . 
The word substance is used for simplicity of description and may be taken as meaning only a given property of an unknown substrate . 
A comparison was made of certain properties of sera extracted after 48 hours incubation from media containing leucocytes and from media containing no leucocytes . 
The serum from the leucocytic cultures was always found to be more favorable to the growth of homologous fibroblasts than the serum from the culture media incubated without leucocytes . 
The natural hemolytic power of the serum on sheep erythrocytes was found to be increased in about SO per cent of the experiments . 
In other experiments , we found that when two culture media free of cells were placed , one in an incubator at + 38 degrees C . and the other in a refrigerator at + 5 degrees C . for 48 hours , the serum from the incubated medium partly lost its hemolytic action on sheep or rabbit erythrocytes , while that from the refrigerated medium remained normal ; at the same time , the inhibiting action of the incubated medium on homologous fibroblasts had increased very much . 
This effect of incubation indicates that certain unstable constituents of serum are destroyed by heat . 
Then the changes found in the properties of the serum from cultures of leucocytes are due to the fraction of the activating substances which has not been destroyed by incubation at 38 degrees C . A quantitative study of the secretions is , therefore , impossible with the present technique , which can furnish only qualitative indications about the substances set free by the leucocytes . 
We have ascertained also whether a medium containing leucocytes and kept in the refrigerator undergoes any change under the influence of the cells while they are in a condition of latent life . 
Gabritschewski dishes with and without leucocytes were placed in a refrigerator at a temperature of about + 5 degrees C . After 48 hours , the hemolytic power on sheep erythrocytes of the serum from the leucocytic cultures had increased slightly and its inhibiting action on the growth of homologous fibroblasts had decreased . 
Then certain substances favorable to the growth of homologous cells and toxic for heterologous cells were diffused by the leucocytes into their medium . 
But the action of these substances was weaker than in the case of the cultures kept in the incubator . 
This experiment showed that leucocytes under certain conditions diffuse alexin or natural hemolysins which originate from them at the same time as the substances which activate homologous cells . 
In other experiments , although leucocytes were frozen at - 10 degrees C . , treated with distilled water , or extracted with saline solution , they did not yield any hemolysin . 
To summarize : Leucocytes , cultivated in plasma , always secreted substances which increased the rate of growth of homologous cells . 
Less frequently , they set free substances which hemolyzed foreign erythrocytes . 
The growth - promoting substances are analogous to those contained in embryonic tissues , and probably represent some of the foodstuffs brought to fixed tissue cells by leucocytes . 
They may possess the function of rejuvenating cells which have ceased to multiply when the cicatrization of a wound or the repair of a fracture requires a resumption of tissue activity . 
According to this hypothesis , the leucocytes brought to the surface of a wound by the process of inflammation would not only oppose bacterial invasion , but also bring to the tissues the material necessary to cell multiplication . 
It seems that in some cases regeneration is started by substances brought to the tissues by other cells . 
Loeb thinks that in Tubularia , when endodermic cells gather at the end where a new polyp is about to be formed , the substances given off by these cells are responsible for polyp formation . 
( 6 ) There may be an analogy between this phenomenon and the secretion by leucocytes of growth - activating substances at the surface of a wound . 
If we assume that leucocytes in vivo set free their secretions in the blood stream , certain variations of the growth - inhibiting action of normal serum can be better understood . 
The rate of proliferation of homologous fibroblasts is much slower in the serum of an old chicken than in that of a young one . 
When the serum is heated at 56 degrees and 70 degrees C . for ( 1 / 2 ) hour , it becomes still more inhibiting . 
A substance favorable to cell activity has disappeared . 
It is therefore permissible to suppose that the growth - inhibiting power of serum and its variations are due to the antagonistic action of two substances , one growth - promoting and thermolabile , and the other growth - inhibiting and thermostable , the activating substance being always weaker in its effect than the inhibiting one . 
We know that activating substances can be extracted from embryonic tissue , from muscle and gland tissues , and from leucocytes of the adult animal , and that they are thermolabile and very unstable . 
Leucocytic secretions seem to have some of the properties of leucocytic extracts . 
It is probable that the activating substances which disappear from the heated serum are secreted by leucocytes and other cells . 
An increase of these secretions , then , would diminish the inhibiting action of serum on homologous fibroblasts . 
On the contrary , a decrease of the secretions in the serum would increase its inhibiting effect on homologous cells . 
The strong inhibiting action of serum in old age would be due partly to a reduction in the amount and activity of the substances secreted by leucocytes and tissue cells in the humors of the organism . 
Leucocytes also secreted in vitro substances which were toxic for foreign cells . 
Although the results were not constant , the serum appeared to become slightly more hemolytic for sheep or rabbit erythrocytes , under the influence of the leucocytes . 
The hemolysis of rabbit corpuscles by hen serum is due , according to Hyde , ( 9 ) to a complex sensitizer alexin , and not merely to alexin , as Bordet thought . 
When a foreign protein was added to the culture medium , the leucocytic secretions increased , as was shown by the action on homologous fibroblasts of sera taken from cultures of leucocytes with and without casein . 
The presence in the medium of the cultures of leucocytes of only 0 . 1 per 1 , 000 casein did not markedly modify the action of their serum on the proliferation of fibroblasts . 
When the concentration of casein in the leucocyte cultures reached 1 per 1 , 000 , the growth of chicken fibroblasts in the serum extracted from the Gabritschewski dishes became more rapid . 
But there was no parallel increase of the hemolytic action of the serum upon sheep erythrocytes . 
We found that chicken serum containing 0 . 1 per 1 , 000 casein was barely toxic for homologous fibroblasts , while it became markedly inhibiting when the casein concentration reached 1 per 1 , 000 . 
Probably , there is a relation between the toxicity of the medium , the increase of leucocytic secretions , and the time of the increase . 
The change brought about by casein in the equilibrium of the system composed of the cells and their medium determines the secretion by the leucocytes of substances which increase the activity of homologous cells and oppose the inhibiting effect of the foreign proteins . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED ) 
1 . 
The effect of the addition of acid on the amount of ionized protein has been compared with the effect on the rate of digestion of gelatin , casein , and hemoglobin by pepsin . 
2 . 
A similar comparison has been made of the addition of alkali in the case of trypsin with gelatin , casein , hemoglobin , globin , and edestin . 
3 . 
In general , the rate of digestion may be predicted from the amount of ionized protein as determined by the titration curve or conductivity . 
The rate of digestion is a minimum at the isoelectric point of the protein and a maximum at that pH at which the protein is completely combined with acid or alkali to form a salt . 
4 . 
The physical properties of the protein solution have little or no effect on the rate of digestion . 
The action of human ascitic fluid and of dog serum on the immunization of fibroblasts in vitro was investigated . 
The toxic effect of ascitic fluid upon fibroblasts was slight , while that of dog serum was marked . 
When a small amount of antigen ( 1 . 5 to 2 per cent dog serum , or 8 per cent ascitic fluid ) was present in the medium , the resistance of the fibroblasts slowly increased , reached its maximum after about 14 days , and gradually decreased . 
The curve expressing the phenomena closely resembles that of Jörgensen and Madsen showing the production of antibodies in an animal which received daily injections of antigen . 
When the antigen was present in the medium in a high concentration ( from 5 to 8 per cent dog serum ) , the resistance reached its maximum in 4 days , and decreased rapidly . 
It may be concluded that : 1 . 
In the immunization of fibroblasts in vitro against a foreign protein , there is a relation between the amount of antigen , the time of the appearance of immunization , and its duration . 
2 . 
When a small amount of antigen is used , immunization slowly reaches its maximum , and slowly decreases . 
3 . 
When a large amount of antigen is used , immunization reaches its maximum in a short time , but the protection is of equally short duration . 
1 . 
It had been shown in previous papers that when a salt solution is separated from pure water by a collodion membrane , water diffuses through the membrane as if it were positively charged and as if it were attracted by the anion of the salt in solution and repelled by the cation with a force increasing with the valency . 
In this paper , measurements of the P . D . 
across the membrane ( E ) are given , showing that when an electrical effect is added to the purely osmotic effect of the salt solution in the transport of water from the side of pure water to the solution , the latter possesses a considerable negative charge which increases with increasing valency of the anion of the salt and diminishes with increasing valency of the cation . 
It is also shown that a similar valency effect exists in the diffusion potentials between salt solutions and pure water without the interposition of a membrane . 
2 . 
This makes it probable that the driving force for the electrical transport of water from the side of pure water into solution is primarily a diffusion potential . 
3 . 
It is shown that the hydrogen ion concentration of the solution affects the transport curves and the diffusion potentials in a similar way . 
4 . 
It is shown , however , that the diffusion potential without interposition of the membrane differs in a definite sense from the P . D . 
across the membrane and that therefore the P . D . 
across the membrane ( E ) is a modified diffusion potential . 
5 . 
Measurements of the P . D . 
between collodion particles and aqueous solutions ( epsilon ) were made by the method of cataphoresis , which prove that water in contact with collodion particles free from protein practically always assumes a positive charge ( except in the presence of salts with trivalent and probably tetravalent cations of a sufficiently high concentration ) . 
6 . 
It is shown that an electrical transport of water from the side of water into the solution is always superposed upon the osmotic transport when the sign of charge of the solution in the potential across the membrane ( E ) is opposite to that of the water in the P . D . 
between collodion particle and water ( epsilon ) ; supporting the theoretical deductions made by Bartell . 
7 . 
It is shown that the product of the P . D . 
across the membrane ( E ) into the cataphoretic P . D . 
between collodion particles and aqueous solution ( epsilon ) accounts in general semiquantitatively for that part of the transport of water into the solution which is due to the electrical forces responsible for anomalous osmosis . 
Measurements of the penetration of tissue from Chromodoris zebra are believed to show that a determining factor in penetration involves the establishment of a critical pH ( near 3 . 5 ) in relation to superficial cell proteins . 
The rapidity with which this state is produced depends upon acid strength , and upon some property of the acid influencing the speed of absorption ; hence it is necessary to compare acids within groups of chemical relationship . 
The actual speed of penetration observed with any acid is dependent upon two influences : preliminary chemical combination with the outer protoplasm , followed by diffusion . 
The variation of the temperature coefficient of penetration velocity with the concentration of acid , and the effect of size ( age ) of individual providing the tissue sample agree in demonstrating the significant part played by diffusion . 
In comparing different acids , however , their mode of chemical union with the protoplasm determines the general order of penetrating ability . 
1 . 
The globulin prepared from ox serum by dilution and precipitation with carbon dioxide has been found , by electrometric titration experiments , to behave like an amphoteric electrolyte , reacting stoichiometrically with acids and bases . 
2 . 
The potential difference developed between a solution of globulin chloride , phosphate , or acetate and a solution of the corresponding acid , free from protein , separated from the globulin by a collodion membrane , was found to be influenced by hydrogen ion concentration and salt concentration in the way predicted by Donnan ' s theory of membrane equilibrium . 
In experiments with sodium globulinate and sodium hydroxide it was found that the potential difference could be similarly explained . 
3 . 
The osmotic pressure of such solutions could be qualitatively accounted for by the Donnan theory , but exhibited a discrepancy which is explicable by analogy with certain experiments of Loeb on gelatin . 
4 . 
The application of Loeb ' s theory of colloidal behavior , which had previously been found to hold in the case of gelatin , casein , egg albumin , and edestin , has thus been extended to another protein , serum globulin . 
A comparison of the appearance of the agglutinins for Bacillus abortus in the blood of new - born calves with the first appearance of globulins in the same blood following the ingestion of colostrum indicates that the agglutinins are associated with the globulins . 
These observations are supported by the removal of the agglutinins from serum or colostrum with concentrations of sodium sulfate which precipitate globulins present in the blood of calves which have ingested colostrum , but which are not present at birth . 
Neither the association of immune bodies with globulins nor the direct absorption of protein by new - born animals is a new fact . 
The evidence presented is of particular value , however , in associating the appearance of certain protein fractions in the blood of the new - born animal with the simultaneous absorption of agglutinins . 
1 . 
It is shown that when part of the gelatin in a solution of gelatin chloride is replaced by particles of powdered gelatin ( without change of pH ) the membrane potential of the solution is influenced comparatively little . 
2 . 
A measurement of the hydrogen ion concentration of the gelatin chloride solution and the outside aqueous solution with which the gelatin solution is in osmotic equilibrium , shows that the membrane potential can be calculated from this difference of hydrogen ion concentration with an accuracy of half a millivolt . 
This proves that the membrane potential is due to the establishment of a membrane equilibrium and that the powdered particles participate in this membrane equilibrium . 
3 . 
It is shown that a Donnan equilibrium is established between powdered particles of gelatin chloride and not too strong a solution of gelatin chloride . 
This is due to the fact that the powdered gelatin particles may be considered as a solid solution of gelatin with a higher concentration than that of the weak gelatin solution in which they are suspended . 
It follows from the theory of membrane equilibria that this difference in concentration of protein ions must give rise to potential differences between the solid particles and the weaker gelatin solution . 
4 . 
The writer had shown previously that when the gelatin in a solution of gelatin chloride is replaced by powdered gelatin ( without a change in pH ) , the osmotic pressure of the solution is lowered the more the more dissolved gelatin is replaced by powdered gelatin . 
It is therefore obvious that the powdered particles of gelatin do not participate in the osmotic pressure of the solution in spite of the fact that they participate in the establishment of the Donnan equilibrium and in the membrane potentials . 
5 . 
This paradoxical phenomenon finds its explanation in the fact that as a consequence of the participation of each particle in the Donnan equilibrium , a special osmotic pressure is set up in each individual particle of powdered gelatin which leads to a swelling of that particle , and this osmotic pressure is measured by the increase in the cohesion pressure of the powdered particles required to balance the osmotic pressure inside each particle . 
6 . 
In a mixture of protein in solution and powdered protein ( or protein micellae ) we have therefore two kinds of osmotic pressure , the hydrostatic pressure of the protein which is in true solution , and the cohesion pressure of the aggregates . 
Since only the former is noticeable in the hydrostatic pressure which serves as a measure of the osmotic pressure of a solution , it is clear why the osmotic pressure of a protein solution must be diminished when part of the protein in true solution is replaced by aggregates . 
1 . 
While crystalline egg albumin is highly soluble in water at low temperature at the pH of its isoelectric point , it is coagulated by heating . 
It has long been known that this coagulation can be prevented by adding either acid or alkali , whereby the protein is ionized . 
2 . 
It is shown in this paper that salts with trivalent or tetravalent ions , e . g .  LaCl ( 3 ) or Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) , are also able to prevent the heat coagulation of albumin at the isoelectric point ( i . e .  pH 4 . 8 ) , while salts with a divalent ion , e . g .  CaCl ( 2 ) , BaCl ( 4 ) , Na ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) , or salts like NaCl , have no such effect . 
3 . 
This is in harmony with the fact shown in a preceding paper that salts with trivalent or tetravalent ions can cause the ionization of proteins at its isoelectric point and thus give rise to a membrane potential between micellae of isoelectric protein and surrounding aqueous solution , while the above mentioned salts with divalent and monovalent ions have apparently no such effect . 
1 . 
Experiments on anomalous osmosis suggested that salts with trivalent cations , e . g .  LaCl ( 3 ) , caused isoelectric gelatin to be positively charged , and salts with tetravalent anions , e . g .  Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) , caused isoelectric gelatin to be negatively charged . 
In this paper direct measurements of the P . D . 
between gels of isoelectric gelatin and an aqueous solution as well as between solutions of isoelectric gelatin in a collodion bag and an aqueous solution are published which show that this suggestion was correct . 
2 . 
Experiments on anomalous osmosis suggested that salts like MgCl ( 2 ) , CaCl ( 2 ) , NaCl , LiCl , or Na ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) produce no charge on isoelectric gelatin and it is shown in this paper that direct measurements of the P . D . 
support this suggestion . 
3 . 
The question arose as to the nature of the mechanism by which trivalent and tetravalent ions cause the charge of isoelectric proteins . 
It is shown that salts with such ions act on isoelectric gelatin in a way similar to that in which acids or alkalies act , inasmuch as in low concentrations the positive charge of isoelectric gelatin increases with the concentration of the LaCl ( 3 ) solution until a maximum is reached at a concentration of LaCl ( 3 ) of about M / 8 , 000 ; from then on a further increase in the concentration of LaCl ( 3 ) diminishes the charge again . 
It is shown that the same is true for the action of Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) . 
From this it is inferred that the charge of the isoelectric gelatin under the influence of LaCl ( 3 ) and Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) at the isoelectric point is due to an ionization of the isoelectric protein by the trivalent or tetravalent ions . 
4 . 
This ionization might be due to a change of the pH of the solution , but experiments are reported which show that in addition to this influence on pH , LaCl ( 3 ) causes an ionization of the protein in some other way , possibly by the formation of a complex cation , gelatin - La . 
Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) might probably cause the formation of a complex anion of the type gelatin - Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) . 
Isoelectric gelatin seems not to form such compounds with Ca , Na , Cl , or SO ( 4 ) . 
5 . 
Solutions of LaCl ( 3 ) and Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) influence the osmotic pressure of solutions of isoelectric gelatin in a similar way as they influence the P . D . , inasmuch as in lower concentrations they raise the osmotic pressure of the gelatin solution until a maximum is reached at a concentration of about M / 2 , 048 LaCl ( 3 ) and M / 4 , 096 Na ( 4 ) Fe ( CN ) ( 6 ) . 
A further increase of the concentration of the salt depresses the osmotic pressure again . 
NaCl , LiCl , MgCl ( 2 ) , CaCl ( 2 ) , and Na ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) do not act in this way . 
6 . 
Solutions of LaCl ( 3 ) have only a depressing effect on the P . D . 
and osmotic pressure of gelatin chloride solutions of pH 3 . 0 and this depressing effect is quantitatively identical with that of solutions of CaCl ( 2 ) and NaCl of the same concentration of Cl . 
The amount of HCl combined with a given weight of gelatin has been determined by hydrogen electrode measurements in 1 per cent , 2 . 5 per cent , and 5 per cent solutions of gelatin in HCl of various concentrations , by correcting for the amount of HCl necessary to give the same pH to an equal volume of water without protein . 
The curve so obtained indicates that the amount of HCl combined with 1 gm . 
of gelatin is constant between pH 1 and 2 , being about 0 . 00092 moles . 
1 . 
Two proteins of the globulin type , serum globulin and tuberin , and the protein of milk , casein , have been purified ( a ) of the other proteins and ( b ) of the inorganic electrolytes with which they exist in nature . 
The methods that were employed are described . 
2 . 
All three proteins were found to be only very slightly soluble in water in the pure uncombined state . 
The solubility of each was accurately measured at 25 . 0 degrees + / - 0 . 1 degrees C . The most probable solubility of the pseudoglobulin of serum was found to be 0 . 07 gm . 
in 1 liter ; of tuberin 0 . 1 gm . 
and of casein 0 . 11 gm . 
The methods that were employed in their determination are described . 
3 . 
Each protein investigated dissolved in water to a constant and characteristic extent when the amount of protein precipitate with which the solution was in heterogeneous equilibrium was varied within wide limits . 
The solubility of a pure protein is therefore proposed as a fundamental physicochemical constant , which may be used in identifying and in classifying proteins . 
4 . 
The concentration of protein dissolved must be the sum of the concentration of the undissociated protein molecule which is in heterogeneous equilibrium with the protein precipitate , and of the concentration of the dissociated protein ions . 
5 . 
The dissociated ions of the dissolved protein give a hydrogen ion concentration to water that is also a characteristic of each protein . 
Additional experimental work on the subject of eosin hemolysis has been carried out . 
This indicates that red cells may be protected against the toxic action of eosin in sunlight by the presence of inorganic reducing agents . 
It is pointed out that a marked parallelism exists between the substances which react with the Folin and Denis reagent and the compounds which afford protection to red cells against the photodynamic action of eosin . 
The property which is possessed in common by all of the substances is that they are easily oxidized , and their ability to protect red cells lies in their power of reduction . 
The toxic action of eosin probably involves the oxidation of tyrosine and tryptophane which are contained in the protein molecules of the stroma . 
1 . 
The effect of adding pure proteins to bacterial suspensions at different H ion concentrations has been studied . 
2 . 
The zone of flocculation of protein - treated bacteria bears a significant relationship to the isoelectric point of the protein used . 
With the higher concentration of protein , agglutination occurs at or near the isoelectric point of that protein ; at reactions acid to this , the bacteria carry a positive charge and are not agglutinated . 
With diminishing concentration of protein , the zone of flocculation shifts toward and goes beyond that characteristic of the untreated bacteria . 
This occurs both in the presence and absence of salts . 
3 . 
A diversity of other suspensions , such as sols of gold , mastic , cellulose nitrate , cellulose acetate , Fe ( OH ) ( 3 ) , oil emulsions , and erythrocytes , have been found by ourselves and others to exhibit a similar altered stability when treated with proteins in the same way . 
1 . 
The addition of proteins or serum to suspensions of bacteria , ( Bacillus typhosus or rabbit septicemia ) at different pH widens the acid agglutination zone and shifts the isoelectric point to that of the added substance . 
2 . 
The amount of serum required to agglutinate is much less near the acid agglutination point of the organisms . 
3 . 
The addition of immune serum prevents the salt from decreasing the cohesive force between the organisms , and agglutination therefore is determined solely by the potential , provided excess immune body is present . 
Whenever the potential is decreased below 15 millivolts the suspension agglutinates . 
1 . 
It had been noticed in the previous experiments on the influence of the hydrogen ion concentration on the P . D . 
between protein solutions inside a collodion bag and aqueous solutions free from protein that the agreement between the observed values and the values calculated on the basis of Donnan ' s theory was not satisfactory near the isoelectric point of the protein solution . 
It was suspected that this was due to the uncertainty in the measurements of the pH of the outside aqueous solution near the isoelectric point . 
This turned out to be correct , since it is shown in this paper that the discrepancy disappears when both the inside and outside solutions contain a buffer salt . 
2 . 
This removes the last discrepancy between the observed P . D . 
and the P . D . calculated on the basis of Donnan ' s theory of P . D . 
between membrane equilibria , so that we can state that the P . D . 
between protein solutions inside collodion bags and outside aqueous solutions free from protein can be calculated from differences in the hydrogen ion concentration on the opposite sides of the membrane , in agreement with Donnan ' s formula . 
1 . 
It has been shown by titration experiments that the globulin edestin behaves like an amphoteric electrolyte , reacting stoichiometrically with acids and bases . 
2 . 
The potential difference developed between a solution of edestin chloride or acetate separated by a collodion membrane from an acid solution free from protein was found to be influenced by salt concentration and hydrogen ion concentration in the way predicted by Donnan ' s theory of membrane equilibrium . 
3 . 
The osmotic pressure of such edestin - acid salt solutions was found to be influenced by salt concentration and by hydrogen ion concentration in the same way as is the potential difference . 
4 . 
The colloidal behavior of edestin is thus completely analogous to that observed by Loeb with gelatin , casein , and egg albumin , and may be explained by Loeb ' s theory of colloidal behavior , which is based on the idea that proteins react stoichiometrically as amphoteric electrolytes and on Donnan ' s theory of membrane equilibrium . 
1 . 
Comparative studies of blood serum and edema fluid from the same individual indicate that , regardless of the pathological condition present , whether the fluid be " transudate " or " exudate , " certain definite qualitative chemical relations obtain . 
2 . 
The chief feature of these relations is that the edema fluid contains more Cl and less K than the blood serum ; while the Na , HCO ( 3 ) , Ca , urea , glucose , and non - protein nitrogen exist in approximately the same concentrations in the serum and in the edema fluid . 
The freezing point is also the same in both fluids , while the specific conductivity is constantly higher in the edema fluid . 
3 . 
The above mentioned variations between the edema fluid and the serum appear to be related to the difference in the concentration of protein in the two solutions . 
4 . 
The relationships between blood serum and edema fluid seem to result from a simple membrane equilibrium , influenced in part by the proteins present . 
1 . 
The dermatitis caused by contact with the larva of Megalopyge opercularis is produced by a poison introduced by the hollow , specialized setae of its cuticular tubercles . 
It is not produced by the ornamental hairs , or by the tissue juices of the animal . 
2 . 
The poison appears to be of the nature of a venom , combined with protein vehicles , and may be itself a protein . 
3 . 
It is rendered inert by boiling , or by heating to 55 degrees C . for a considerable period of time . 
4 . 
It is apparently stored in sacs at the base of the setae , but whether secreted there , or by hypodermal glands , remains to be determined . 
5 . 
It diminishes in virulence after the larva has spun its cocoon , and is no longer active after the caterpillar is dead . 
6 . 
The poisonous spines cause localized necrosis of the human epidermis , followed by the formation of small vesicles . 
The cellular reaction to the poison is chiefly lymphocytic . 
IT MAY BE CONCLUDED THAT , UNDER THE CONDITIONS OF THE EXPERIMENTS : 1 . 
A small amount of foreign protein added to the culture medium does not modify the rate of proliferation of fibroblasts . 
2 . 
A large amount of foreign protein added to the culture medium decreases markedly the rate of proliferation of fibroblasts cultivated previously in homogenic medium , while it does not decrease the rate of proliferation of fibroblasts cultivated previously in the presence of a small amount of the foreign protein . 
3 . 
Fibroblasts in vitro respond to the presence of an antigen in the culture medium by becoming immunized against its action . 
A simple and convenient method is described for the preparation and use of collodion sacs for aerobic and anaerobic bacterial cultivation in vitro . 
The sacs are suitable for the study of various problems in bacterial growth and metabolism . 
By their use with the Smith - Noguchi tissue medium , certain microorganisms may be grown in the absence of the confusing , antigenic protein precipitate characteristic of cultures containing fresh tissue , and thus the organisms are obtained in a suitable condition for serological study . 
1 . 
The addition of blood serum displaces the optimum for agglutination of red blood cells in a salt - free medium to the reaction characteristic of flocculation of the serum euglobulin . 
2 . 
This effect is not due merely to a mechanical entanglement of the cells by the precipitating euglobulin , since at reactions at which the latter is soluble it protects the cells from the agglutination which occurs in its absence . 
3 . 
A combination of some sort appears therefore to take place between sheep cells and sheep , rabbit , and guinea pig serum euglobulin , and involves a condensation of the serum protein upon the surface of the red cell . 
4 . 
At the optimal point for agglutination of persensitized cells both mid - and end - piece of complement combine with the cells . 
5 . 
Agglutination is closely related to an optimal H ion concentration in the suspending fluid , and probably of the cell membrane , and not to a definite reaction in the interior of the cell . 
It is not advisable to enter into a discussion of these findings at the present time , owing to the lack of experimental evidence as to the exact nature of the vacuoles . 
Regardless of the nature of these bodies or of what factors produce them , they are structures abnormal to the connective tissue cells . 
The lack of dextrose in the medium of tissue cultures leads to some condition distinctly detrimental to the cells , resulting in their vacuolation and death , even when the medium contains abundant protein material . 
The addition of small amounts ( 0 . 5 to 1 per cent ) of dextrose to the medium delays the formation of vacuoles and prolongs the life of the culture . 
The addition of large amounts ( 2 to 5 per cent ) prevents vacuolation of the cells , but so much dextrose usually leads to a change in the hydrogen ion concentration of the culture resulting in an acid condition which arises coincidentally with the degeneration of the cells . 
1 . 
When a solution of a salt of gelatin or crystalline egg albumin is separated by a collodion membrane from a watery solution ( free from protein ) a potential difference is set up across the membrane in which the protein is positively charged in the case of protein - acid salts and in which the protein is negatively charged in the case of metal proteinates . 
The turning point is the isoelectric point of the protein . 
2 . 
Measurements of the pH of the ( inside ) protein solution and of the outside watery solution show that when equilibrium is established the value pH inside minus pH outside is positive in the case of protein - acid salts and negative in the case of metal proteinates . 
This is to be expected when the P . D . 
is caused by the establishment of a Donnan equilibrium , since in that case the pH should be lower outside than inside in the case of a protein - acid salt and should be higher outside than inside in the case of a metal proteinate . 
3 . 
At the isoelectric point where the electrical charge is zero the value of pH inside minus pH outside becomes also zero . 
4 . 
It is shown that a P . D . 
is established between suspended particles of powdered gelatin and the surrounding watery solution and that the sign of charge of the particles is positive when they contain gelatin - acid salts , while it is negative when the powdered particles contain metal gelatinate . 
At the isoelectric point the charge is zero . 
5 . 
Measurements of the pH inside the powdered particles and of the pH in the outside watery solution show that when equilibrium is established the value pH inside minus pH outside is positive when the powdered particles contain a gelatin - acid salt , while the value pH inside minus pH outside is negative when the powdered particles contain Na gelatinate . 
At the isoelectric point the value pH inside minus pH outside is zero . 
6 . 
The addition of neutral salts depresses the electrical charge of the powdered particles of protein - acid salts . 
It is shown that the addition of salts to a suspension of powdered particles of gelatin chloride also diminishes the value of pH inside minus pH outside . 
7 . 
The agreement between the values 58 ( pH inside minus pH outside ) and the P . D . observed by the Compton electrometer is not only qualitative but quantitative . 
This proves that the difference in the concentration of acid ( or alkali , as the case may be ) in the two phases is the only cause for the observed P . D . 
8 . 
The Donnan theory demands that the P . D . 
of a gelatin chloride solution should be 1 ( 1 / 2 ) times as great as the P . D . 
of a gelatin sulfate solution of the same pH and the same concentration ( 1 per cent ) of originally isoelectric gelatin . 
This is found to be correct and it is also shown that the values of pH inside minus pH outside for the two solutions possess the ratio of 3 : 2 . 
9 . 
All these measurements prove that the electrical charges of suspended particles of protein are determined exclusively by the Donnan equilibrium . 
1 . 
The rate of inactivation of purified trypsin solutions approximates closely that demanded by the monomolecular formula . 
The more carefully the solution is purified the closer the agreement with the formula . 
2 . 
The products formed by the action of trypsin on proteins renders the trypsin more stable . 
Gelatin and glycine have no effect . 
3 . 
The rate of inactivation of trypsin solutions containing these products does not follow the course of a monomolecular reaction but becomes progressively slower than the predicted rate . 
4 . 
The protective action of these substances is much greater if they are added all at once at the beginning of the experiment than if they are added at intervals . 
These observations may be quantitatively accounted for by the hypothesis that a compound is formed between trypsin and the inhibiting substance which is stable as well as inactive , and that the rate of decomposition depends on the amount of uncombined trypsin present . 
5 . 
Trypsin is most stable at a pH of 5 and is rapidly destroyed in strongly acid or alkaline solution . 
6 . 
The protective effect of the inhibiting substances is small on the acid side of pH 5 , increases from pH 5 to 7 , and then remains approximately constant . 
1 . 
A study has been made of the equilibrium existing between trypsin and the substances formed in the digestion of proteins which inhibit its action . 
2 . 
This substance could not be obtained by the hydrolysis of the proteins by acid or alkali . 
It is dialyzable . 
3 . 
The equilibrium between this substance ( inhibitor ) and trypsin is found to agree with the equation , trypsin + inhibitor right harpoon over left harpoon trypsin - inhibitor The equilibrium is reached instantaneously and is independent of the substrate concentration . 
If it be further assumed that the rate of hydrolysis is proportional to the concentration of the free trypsin and that the equilibrium conforms to the law of mass action , it is possible to calculate the experimental results by the application of the law of mass action . 
4 . 
The equilibrium has been studied by varying ( a ) the concentration of the inhibiting substance , ( b ) the concentration of trypsin , ( c ) the concentration of gelatin , and ( d ) the concentration of trypsin and inhibitor ( the relative concentration of the two remaining the same ) . 
In all cases the results agree quantitatively with those predicted by the law of mass action . 
5 . 
It was found that the percentage retarding effect of the inhibiting substance on the rate of hydrolysis is independent of the hydrogen ion concentration between pH 6 . 3 and 10 . 0 . 
6 . 
The fact that the experimental results agree with the mechanism outlined under 3 , is contrary to the assumption that any appreciable amount of trypsin is combined with the gelatin at any one time ; i . e . , the velocity of the hydrolysis must depend on the time required for such a compound to form rather than for it to decompose . 
7 . 
The experiments may be considered as experimental proof of the validity of Arrhenius ' explanation of Schütz ' s rule as applied to trypsin digestion . 
8 . 
Inactivated trypsin does not enter into the equilibrium . 
1 . 
Colloids have been divided into two groups according to the ease with which their solutions or suspensions are precipitated by electrolytes . 
One group ( hydrophilic colloids ) , e . g . , solutions of gelatin or crystalline egg albumin in water , requires high concentrations of electrolytes for this purpose , while the other group ( hydrophobic colloids ) requires low concentrations . 
In the latter group the precipitating ion of the salt has the opposite sign of charge as the colloidal particle ( Hardy ' s rule ) , while no such relation exists in the precipitation of colloids of the first group . 
2 . 
The influence of electrolytes on the solubility of solid Na caseinate , which belongs to the first group ( hydrophilic colloids ) , and of solid casein chloride which belongs to the second group ( hydrophobic colloids ) , was investigated and it was found that the forces determining the solution are entirely different in the two cases . 
The forces which cause the hydrophobic casein chloride to go into solution are forces regulated by the Donnan equilibrium ; namely , the swelling of particles . 
As soon as the swelling of a solid particle of casein chloride exceeds a certain limit it is dissolved . 
The forces which cause the hydrophilic Na caseinate to go into solution are of a different character and may be those of residual valency . 
Swelling plays no rôle in this case , and the solubility of Na caseinate is not regulated by the Donnan equilibrium . 
3 . 
The stability of solutions of casein chloride ( requiring low concentrations of electrolytes for precipitation ) is due , first , to the osmotic pressure generated through the Donnan equilibrium between the casein ions tending to form an aggregate , whereby the protein ions of the nascent micellum are forced apart again ; and second , to the potential difference between the surface of a micellum and the surrounding solution ( also regulated by the Donnan equilibrium ) which prevents the further coalescence of micella already formed . 
This latter consequence of the Donnan effect had already been suggested by J . 
A . Wilson . 
4 . 
The precipitation of this group of hydrophobic colloids by salts is due to the diminution or annihilation of the osmotic pressure and the P . D . 
just discussed . 
Since low concentrations of electrolytes suffice for the depression of the swelling and P . D . 
of the micella , it is clear why low concentrations of electrolytes suffice for the precipitation of hydrophobic colloids , such as casein chloride . 
5 . 
This also explains why only that ion of the precipitating salt is active in the precipitation of hydrophobic colloids which has the opposite sign of charge as the colloidal ion , since this is always the case in the Donnan effect . 
Hardy ' s rule is , therefore , at least in the precipitation of casein chloride , only a consequence of the Donnan effect . 
6 . 
For the salting out of hydrophilic colloids , like gelatin , from watery solution , sulfates are more efficient than chlorides regardless of the pH of the gelatin solution . 
Solution experiments lead to the result that while CaCl ( 2 ) or NaCl increase the solubility of isoelectric gelatin in water , and the more , the higher the concentration of the salt , Na ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) increases the solubility of isoelectric gelatin in low concentrations , but when the concentration of Na ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) exceeds M / 32 it diminishes the solubility of isoelectric gelatin the more , the higher the concentration . 
The reason for this difference in the action of the two salts is not yet clear . 
7 . 
There is neither any necessity nor any room for the assumption that the precipitation of proteins is due to the adsorption of the ions of the precipitating salt by the colloid . 
The work reported in the preceding sections justifies , we think , a number of definite conclusions . 
In addition to this , some of the experiments indicate a line of thought which may lead to considerable alteration in our conceptions , both of phenomena of bacterial hypersensitiveness and of infection . 
1 . 
In guinea pigs two fundamentally different types of intradermal reactions may be observed . 
One of these is the immediate , transitory reaction which develops in animals sensitized against proteins ( horse serum , etc . 
) and may be regarded as one of the manifestations of general protein hypersensitiveness , or anaphylaxis ; the other is the tuberculin type of skin reaction which develops more slowly , leads to a more profound injury of the tissues and is independent of anaphylaxis as ordinarily conceived . 
2 . 
The tuberculin type of hypersensitiveness ( as well as probably the typhoidin , mallein , abortin reactions , etc . 
) does not develop at all in guinea pigs sensitized with proteins , like horse serum , etc . 
While this form of hypersensitiveness may eventually be induced with materials not bacterial in origin , it has been observed up to date only as a reaction of bacterial infection . 
3 . 
Methods of treatment with protein material from bacterial cultures which sensitize guinea pigs to anaphylactic reactions with the bacterial extracts , do not sensitize them to the tuberculin type of reaction . 
Such sensitization is easily accomplished only by infecting the animals with living organisms . 
No reliable method of sensitizing guinea pigs to such reactions with dead bacterial material has as yet been worked out , though a few hopeful experiments have been obtained with massive injections of large amounts of the acid - precipitable substances ( nucleoproteins ? 
) from bacterial extracts . 
4 . 
In animals made hypersensitive to the tuberculin type of reaction by infection with living bacteria , the reaction may be elicited by intradermal injections of bacterial extracts from which all coagulable proteins , nucleoproteins , and Bence - Jones proteins have been removed , as well as this can be done by boiling with acid , etc . 
This proteose residue alone suffices to elicit such reactions . 
The exact chemical nature of the so called proteose residue must be further studied and analyzed when we have had opportunity to produce bacterial extracts in large quantity . 
These points seem incontrovertible on the basis of our own experiments , as well as those of other workers . 
There thus seem to develop two definite forms of hypersensitiveness in guinea pigs infected with bacteria , typical anaphylaxis in which the protein material of the bacterial cells is concerned , which develops late and which can be induced by repeated injections of dead bacterial material , and a hypersensitiveness to non - protein constituents which differs from the former , both in the laws that govern sensitization and in the manifestations which follow injections into the sensitized animals . 
While there is virtual agreement among immunologists concerning the essential mechanism of protein anaphylaxis , its dependence upon an antigen - antibody reaction , and the dominating rôle played by the sessile antibodies , the mechanism of hypersensitiveness to tuberculin and similar bacterial substances is still a problem of much uncertainty . 
The most striking difference between the two phenomena lies , as we have seen , in the criteria of sensitization , in that hypersensitiveness to the tuberculin type of reaction can hardly ever be induced by any of the ordinary methods of preparation with the constituents of dead bacteria , but develops promptly ( 7 to 10 days ) in the course of actual infection with living organisms . 
The considerable specificity of such reactions forces the conclusion that the sensitizing substance must , in some way , be derived from the infecting microorganisms . 
The idea that the failure of sensitization with dead culture materials is perhaps due to the elaboration in the body of infected animals of bacterial products not represented in extracts of test - tube cultures is rendered unlikely by the fact that in the tuberculin - sensitive , infected animals , we can produce the reactions by the application of such dead extracts . 
It is neither logical nor in keeping with biological experience to assume that one substance will sensitize to reaction with another . 
This mistake was made early in the study of anaphylaxis in another connection and caused considerable delay of progress . 
Krause has shown that tuberculin sensitiveness may be blunted in infected animals by massive , but sublethal injections of tuberculin , and we have obtained some indications of the same thing . 
Moreover , others as well as ourselves have seen tuberculin reactivity decline in guinea pigs and in man in the stages of very severe infection . 
These facts would eliminate any assumption of mere cumulative injury as explaining this type of reaction , and stamp it as a mechanism at least analogous to ordinary anaphylaxis . 
The only remaining possibility to explain the difference between infected animals and those treated with dead bacterial constituents would be to assume that the difference must lie in the manner in which the sensitizing substance is administered to the animals , and that sensitization with the proteose residue materials depends upon criteria of sensitization differing in regard to the time and quantity factors from those governing protein sensitization . 
If one considers the relatively simpler chemical structure and perhaps physically greater diffusibility of the materials concerned in this reaction , one might readily expect such differences in the methods needed for sensitization . 
In keeping with such a line of reasoning our experiments have shown that the tuberculin active materials are constantly and rapidly being diffused out into the culture fluid from growing organisms , in quantities greater than can be extracted from similar amounts of the dead bacteria . 
It seems reasonable to assume from this that the same thing may happen in the animal body harboring a growing focus . 
And it would seem quite likely that the association of the tuberculin type of reaction with actual infection may depend upon the fact that sensitization to these non - protein substances depends upon a constant steady absorption of large amounts of the material . 
Moreover , the only hopeful experiments on the artificial production of tuberculin sensitiveness in guinea pigs obtained by us were those in which massive doses of the nucleoprotein material injected into guinea pigs gave rise to a moderate skin sensitiveness . 
Does the so called proteose residue form antibodies , and , if so , are substances analogous to antibodies involved in the tuberculin type of hypersensitiveness ? 
The failure to transfer passively this form of hypersensitiveness to normal animals with the blood and tissues of tuberculin - sensitive ones would suggest that no antibodies are involved . 
But this is not conclusive on the basis of available experimental facts . 
We are inclined to believe that antibodies of a sort are involved , for the following reasons : ( a ) In our experiments with the uteri of highly sensitive extract - treated guinea pigs and of tuberculous guinea pigs , we have occasionally had positive reactions when the proteose residue alone was used . 
( b ) We believe that these proteose substances are entirely analogous to the substances studied by Avery and Dochez ( 22 ) in the urine and blood of typhoid and pneumonia patients . 
They obtained precipitin reactions against homologous immune sera with the urine of infected cases concentrated by evaporation after boiling with acetic acid to remove coagulable proteins . 
( c ) Petroff , with whom we discussed this proteose residue early in our work , has produced it , and tells us that he has obtained precipitin reactions with it by titrating it against the serum of a sheep treated for a long time with tubercle bacillus products . 
In suggesting an antibody response to a non - protein antigen we are aware that we are opposing what has been regarded as a well established doctrine in immunity ; this is justified , or at least mitigated , we believe , by the consideration that reactions of the antigen - antibody type are the only explanation of specificity ; and tuberculin , mallein , and typhoidin reactions are to a considerable degree specific . 
If such reaction bodies cannot be produced by precisely the same methods of administration as to time and quantity which are successful in calling forth protein antibodies , this should not astonish us , since , after all , the substances that we are dealing with are simpler in chemical structure than are the proteins , and physically are probably of relatively greater diffusibility . 
It may be that the greater diffusibility of the proteose - like substances transfers much of the actual reaction phenomena to an intracellular location , and that this to some extent influences the presence of circulating antibodies . 
It may also be that these more diffusible non - protein antigens are more rapidly eliminated from the animal body than are the proteins . 
Indeed , the above mentioned observations of Avery and Dochez , and the recent work of Wildbolz ( 23 ) , Lanz ( 24 ) , Imhof ( 25 ) , and Gibson and Carroll ( 26 ) , who demonstrated tuberculin active antigens in the urine of active cases , would corroborate such a view . 
The evidence available at the present time , however , concerning antibody formation to these non - protein substances is , we recognize , largely indirect , at least as far as our own work is concerned , and we present it in the present connection purely as a working hypothesis . 
Finally , perhaps the most important theoretical consideration indicated by our experiments is the following . 
We have in the tuberculin reaction a form of hypersensitiveness which seems to be ( in guinea pigs , at least ) analogous entirely to the typhoidin reaction , the mallein reaction , and the abortin reaction . 
( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED ) 
1 . 
These experiments confirm the conclusion that protein solutions are true solutions consisting of isolated ions and molecules , and that these solutions may or may not contain in addition solid submicroscopic particles capable of occluding water . 
2 . 
The typical influence of electrolytes on the osmotic pressure of protein solutions is due to the isolated protein ions since these alone are capable of causing a Donnan equilibrium across a membrane impermeable to the protein ions but permeable to most crystalloidal ions . 
3 . 
The similar influence of electrolytes on the viscosity of protein solutions is due to the submicroscopic solid protein particles capable of occluding water since the amount of water occluded by ( or the amount of swelling of ) these particles is regulated by the Donnan equilibrium . 
4 . 
These ideas are supported by the fact that the more the submicroscopic solid particles contained in a protein solution or suspension are transformed into isolated ions ( e . g . , by keeping gelatin solution for 1 hour or more at 45 degrees C . ) the more the viscosity of the solution is diminished while the osmotic pressure is increased , and vice versa . 
1 . 
The proof is completed that the influence of electrolytes on the viscosity of suspensions of powdered particles of gelatin in water is similar to the influence of electrolytes on the viscosity of solutions of gelatin in water . 
2 . 
It has been suggested that the high viscosity of proteins is due to the existence of a different type of viscosity from that existing in crystalloids . 
It is shown that such an assumption is unnecessary and that the high viscosity of solutions of isoelectric gelatin can be accounted for quantitatively on the assumption that the relative volume of the gelatin in solution is comparatively high . 
3 . 
Since isoelectric gelatin is not ionized , the large volume cannot be due to a hydration of gelatin ions . 
It is suggested that this high volume of gelatin solutions is caused by the existence in the gelatin solution of submicroscopic pieces of solid gelatin occluding water , the relative quantity of which is regulated by the Donnan equilibrium . 
This would also explain why the influence of electrolytes on the viscosity of gelatin solutions is similar to the influence of electrolytes on the viscosity of suspensions of particles of gelatin . 
4 . 
This idea is supported by experiments on solutions and suspensions of casein chloride in which it is shown that their viscosity is chiefly due to the swelling of solid particles of casein , occluding quantities of water regulated by the Donnan equilibrium ; and that the breaking up of these solid particles into smaller particles , no longer capable of swelling , diminishes the viscosity . 
5 . 
This leads to the idea that proteins form true solutions in water which in certain cases , however , contain , side by side with isolated ions and molecules , submicroscopic solid particles capable of occluding water whereby the relative volume and the viscosity of the solution is considerably increased . 
This accounts not only for the high order of magnitude of the viscosity of such protein solutions but also for the fact that the viscosity is influenced by electrolytes in a similar way as is the swelling of protein particles . 
6 . 
We therefore reach the conclusion that there are two sources for the viscosity of protein solutions ; one due to the isolated protein ions and molecules , and the other to the submicroscopic solid particles contained in the solution . 
The viscosity due to the isolated molecules and ions of proteins we will call the general viscosity since it is of a similar low order of magnitude as that of crystalloids in solution ; while the high viscosity due to the submicroscopic solid protein particles capable of occluding water and of swelling we will call the special viscosity of protein solutions . 
Under ordinary conditions of hydrogen ion concentration and temperature ( and in not too high a concentration of the protein in solution ) the general viscosity due to isolated ions and molecules prevails in solutions of crystalline egg albumin and in solutions of metal caseinates ( where the metal is monovalent ) while under the same conditions the second type of viscosity prevails in solutions of gelatin and in solutions of acid - salts of casein ; and also in solutions of crystalline egg albumin at a pH below 1 . 0 and at higher temperatures . 
The special viscosity is higher in solutions of gelatin than of casein salts for the probable reason that the amount of water occluded by the submicroscopic solid gel particles in a gelatin solution is , as a rule , considerably higher than that occluded by the corresponding particles of casein . 
It is shown by complement fixation studies with protein antigens and specific immune rabbit sera that the rate of fixation of complement is determined by the concentration of antibodies in the immune sera , that the greater part of fixation of complement takes place during the 1st hour , and that fixation is practically completed at the end of 4 hours at ice box temperature . 
It is further shown that the rate . 
of fixation of complement is practically the same at ice box , room , and water bath temperatures , the tendency being for slightly stronger fixation at ice box temperature . 
1 . 
Gelatin solutions have a high viscosity which in the case of freshly prepared solutions varies under the influence of the hydrogen ion concentration in a similar way as the swelling , the osmotic pressure , and the electromotive forces . 
Solutions of crystalline egg albumin have under the same conditions a comparatively low viscosity which is practically independent of the pH ( above 1 . 0 ) . 
This difference in the viscosities of solutions of the two proteins seems to be connected with the fact that solutions of gelatin have a tendency to set to a Jelly while solutions of crystalline egg albumin show no such tendency at low temperature and pH above 1 . 0 . 
2 . 
The formulae for viscosity demand that the difference in the order of magnitude of the viscosity of the two proteins should correspond to a difference in the relative volume occupied by equal masses of the two proteins in the same volume of solution . 
It is generally assumed that these variations of volume of dissolved proteins are due to the hydration of the isolated protein ions , but if this view were correct the influence of pH on viscosity should be the same in the case of solutions of gelatin , of amino - acids , and of crystalline egg albumin , which , however , is not true . 
3 . 
Suspensions of powdered gelatin in water were prepared and it was found , first , that the viscosity of these suspensions is a little higher than that of gelatin solutions of the same concentration , second , that the pH influences the viscosity of these suspensions similarly as the viscosity of freshly prepared gelatin solutions , and third , that the volume occupied by the gelatin in the suspension varies similarly as the viscosity which agrees with the theories of viscosity . 
It is shown that this influence of the pH on the volume occupied by the gelatin granules in suspension is due to the existence of a Donnan equilibrium between the granules and the surrounding solution . 
When a fixed area of the ears of rabbits is subjected to the action of a standard destructive dose of x - rays ( 30 skin units ) the type of reaction resulting depends upon the previous treatment of the rabbit . 
( 1 ) In normal rabbits a mild acute inflammation develops in the x - rayed area which leads at once to a perforating gangrene within an average of 15 days . 
( 2 ) If rabbits are x - rayed and about 2 weeks later injected with horse serum for the first time , a mild acute inflammation appears which heals for a time ; then a second , subacute inflammation sets in which leads to a perforating gangrene . 
The average time of the process from the first inflammation to gangrene is 32 days . 
( 3 ) If rabbits are sensitized with horse serum and 10 days later are exposed locally to the standard dose of x - rays , the ensuing ear reaction is either similar to the second reaction described above , except that it may last up to 110 days , or the first inflammation leads to a healing which may be apparently permanent ( 340 + days ) . 
( 4 ) If rabbits are first sensitized with horse serum , exposed locally to the standard dose of x - rays 10 days later , and 13 days after the x - ray treatment reinjected with horse serum , the reaction of the x - rayed area of the ears is in general similar to the second reaction described above ( inflammation - healing - inflammation - gangrene ) . 
The average time of the whole process is about 42 days . 
On the basis of the general hypothesis that an anaphylactic reaction is initiated in the body when the specific antibody meets its antigen , and that both antibody and antigen are rendered more or less functionally inert by their interaction , the following inferences may be drawn from our experimental results . 
( 1 ) The protection from the effects of a standard destructive dose of x - rays which a previous sensitization confers , is referable to the presence of anaphylactic antibodies in the x - rayed area . 
( 2 ) This protection is largely due to the anaphylactic antibodies which are anchored in the x - rayed area , and not to those which are free in the circulation . 
( 3 ) An anaphylactic reaction renders the anchored anaphylactic antibodies largely impotent as protective factors against the standard destructive x - ray dose , even though sensitization preceded exposure to the x - rays . 
( 4 ) An area treated with the standard destructive dose of x - rays is unable to produce or to anchor a sufficient amount of anaphylactic antibodies for protection from necrosis , when the x - ray treatment precedes the sensitization , or when the locally anchored anaphylactic antibodies are rendered functionally inactive by a general anaphylactic reaction . 
It is possible that the procedure of increasing the resistance of the skin to a destructive dose of x - rays by means of a previous sensitization with protein may be applicable in the treatment of certain types of inoperable disease , when it is important to use massive doses of x - rays . 
Animals which have been sensitized , or sensitized and reinjected with any undenatured alien protein , should not be reemployed as normal controls in any investigation unless trial has shown that these proteinized animals react quantitatively and qualitatively like normal animals . 
The presence of an abnormal reactor in a group of supposedly normal animals may be an indication of a previous proteinization . 
1 . 
It had been shown in previous publications that the osmotic pressure of a 1 per cent solution of a protein - acid salt varies in a characteristic way with the hydrogen ion concentration of the solution , the osmotic pressure having a minimum at the isoelectric point , rising steeply with a decrease in pH until a maximum is reached at pH of 3 . 4 or 3 . 5 ( in the case of gelatin and crystalline egg albumin ) , this maximum being followed by a steep drop in the osmotic pressure with a further decrease in the pH of the gelatin or albumin solution . 
In this paper it is shown that ( aside from two minor discrepancies ) we can calculate this effect of the pH on the osmotic pressure of a protein - acid salt by assuming that the pH effect is due to that unequal distribution of crystalloidal ions ( in particular free acid ) on both sides of the membrane which Donnan ' s theory of membrane equilibrium demands . 
2 . 
It had been shown in preceding papers that only the valency but not the nature of the ion ( aside from its valency ) with which a protein is in combination has any effect upon the osmotic pressure of the solution of the protein ; and that the osmotic pressure of a gelatin - acid salt with a monovalent anion ( e . g .  Cl , NO ( 3 ) , acetate , H ( 2 ) PO ( 4 ) , HC ( 2 ) O ( 4 ) , etc . 
) is about twice or perhaps a trifle more than twice as high as the osmotic pressure of gelatin sulfate where the anion is bivalent ; assuming that the pH and gelatin concentrations of all the solutions are the same . 
It is shown in this paper that we can calculate with a fair degree of accuracy this valency effect on the assumption that it is due to the influence of the valency of the anion of a gelatin - acid salt on that relative distribution of the free acid on both sides of the membrane which Donnan ' s theory of membrane equilibrium demands . 
3 . 
The curves of the observed values of the osmotic pressure show two constant minor deviations from the curves of the calculated osmotic pressure . 
One of these deviations consists in the fact that the values of the ascending branch of the calculated curves are lower than the corresponding values in the curves for the observed osmotic pressure , and the other deviation consists in the fact that the drop in the curves of calculated values occurs at a lower pH than the drop in the curves of the observed values . 
1 . 
It is shown that a neutral salt depresses the potential difference which exists at the point of equilibrium between a gelatin chloride solution contained in a collodion bag and an outside aqueous solution ( without gelatin ) . 
The depressing effect of a neutral salt on the P . D . 
is similar to the depression of the osmotic pressure of the gelatin chloride solution by the same salt . 
2 . 
It is shown that this depression of the P . D . 
by the salt can be calculated with a fair degree of accuracy on the basis of Nernst ' s logarithmic formula on the assumption that the P . D . 
which exists at the point of equilibrium is due to the difference of the hydrogen ion concentration on the opposite sides of the membrane . 
3 . 
Since this difference of hydrogen ion concentration on both sides of the membrane is due to Donnan ' s membrane equilibrium this latter equilibrium must be the cause of the P . D . 
4 . 
A definite P . D . 
exists also between a solid block of gelatin chloride and the surrounding aqueous solution at the point of equilibrium and this P . D . 
is depressed in a similar way as the swelling of the gelatin chloride by the addition of neutral salts . 
It is shown that the P . D . 
can be calculated from the difference in the hydrogen ion concentration inside and outside the block of gelatin at equilibrium . 
5 . 
The influence of the hydrogen ion concentration on the P . D . 
of a gelatin chloride solution is similar to that of the hydrogen ion concentration on the osmotic pressure , swelling , and viscosity of gelatin solutions , and the same is true for the influence of the valency of the anion with which the gelatin is in combination . 
It is shown that in all these cases the P . D . 
which exists at equilibrium can be calculated with a fair degree of accuracy from the difference of the pH inside and outside the gelatin solution on the basis of Nernst ' s logarithmic formula by assuming that the difference in the concentration of hydrogen ions on both sides of the membrane determines the P . D . 
6 . 
The P . D . 
which exists at the boundary of a gelatin chloride solution and water at the point of equilibrium can also be calculated with a fair degree of accuracy by Nernst ' s logarithmic formula from the value pCl outside minus pCl inside . 
This proves that the equation x ( 2 ) = y ( y + z ) is the correct expression for the Donnan membrane equilibrium when solutions of protein - acid salts with monovalent anion are separated by a collodion membrane from water . 
In this equation x is the concentration of the H ion ( and the monovalent anion ) in the water , y the concentration of the H ion and the monovalent anion of the free acid in the gelatin solution , and z the concentration of the anion in combination with the protein . 
7 . 
The similarity between the variation of P . D . 
and the variation of the osmotic pressure , swelling , and viscosity of gelatin , and the fact that the Donnan equilibrium determines the variation in P . D . 
raise the question whether or not the variations of the osmotic pressure , swelling , and viscosity are also determined by the Donnan equilibrium . 
1 . 
Viscosity and pH curves of casein dissolved in NaOH , KOH , LiOH , and NH ( 4 ) OH are shown and it is found that a maximum viscosity occurs at about the same pH point with each alkali ; i . e . , 9 . 1 to 9 . 25 . 
The magnitude of the viscosity is largest in ammonia solutions . 
2 . 
The maximum viscosity occurs in 8 to 10 per cent solutions of casein in alkalies when about 98 x 10 ( - 5 ) gram equivalents of base are combined with 1 gram of casein . 
3 . 
A maximum viscosity occurs in the same region ( pH 9 . 1 to 9 . 25 ) when casein is dissolved in Na ( 2 ) CO ( 3 ) , Na ( 3 ) AsO ( 4 ) , Na ( 2 ) SO ( 3 ) , NaF , and Na ( 2 ) PO ( 3 ) . 
4 . 
The maximum viscosity obtained with borax solutions of casein occurs at 8 . 15 to 8 . 2 pH . 
It is suggested that casein acts like mannitol , glycerol , etc . , in increasing the dissociation of boric acid . 
5 . 
The flattening of the viscosity curves of casein solutions , following the decline from maximum , is shown to be due to alkaline hydrolysis whence casein no longer exists as such but is cleaved into a major protein containing no phosphorus or sulfur and less nitrogen . 
This cleavage commences at pH 10 . 0 to 10 . 5 . 
6 . 
When casein is prepared from solutions that have been subjected to high temperatures ( 60 degrees C . and above ) or has otherwise been heated during its preparation , it yields solutions in alkalies of high viscosity . 
1 . 
It is well known that neutral salts depress the osmotic pressure , swelling , and viscosity of protein - acid salts . 
Measurements of the P . D . 
between gelatin chloride solutions contained in a collodion bag and an outside aqueous solution show that the salt depresses the P . D . 
in the same proportion as it depresses the osmotic pressure of the gelatin chloride solution . 
2 . 
Measurements of the hydrogen ion concentration inside the gelatin chloride solution and in the outside aqueous solution show that the difference in pH of the two solutions allows us to calculate the P . D . 
quantitatively on the basis of the Nernst formula See PDF for Equation if we assume that the P . D . 
is due to a difference in the hydrogen ion concentration on the two sides of the membrane . 
3 . 
This difference in pH inside minus pH outside solution seems to be the consequence of the Donnan membrane equilibrium , which only supposes that one of the ions in solution cannot diffuse through the membrane . 
It is immaterial for this equilibrium whether the non - diffusible ion is a crystalloid or a colloid . 
4 . 
When acid is added to isoelectric gelatin the osmotic pressure rises at first with increasing hydrogen ion concentration , reaches a maximum at pH 3 . 5 , and then falls again with further fall of the pH . 
It is shown that the P . D . 
of the gelatin chloride solution shows the same variation with the pH ( except that it reaches its maximum at pH of about 3 . 9 ) and that the P . D . 
can be calculated from the difference of pH inside minus pH outside on the basis of Nernst ' s formula . 
5 . 
It was found in preceding papers that the osmotic pressure of gelatin sulfate solutions is only about one - half of that of gelatin chloride or gelatin phosphate solutions of the same pH and the same concentration of originally isoelectric gelatin ; and that the osmotic pressure of gelatin oxalate solutions is almost but not quite the same as that of the gelatin chloride solutions of the same pH and concentration of originally isoelectric gelatin . 
It was found that the curves for the values for P . D . 
of these four gelatin salts are parallel to the curves of their osmotic pressure and that the values for pH inside minus pH outside multiplied by 58 give approximately the millivolts of these P . D . 
In this preliminary note only the influence of the concentration of the hydrogen ions on the P . D . 
has been taken into consideration . 
In the fuller paper , which is to follow , the possible influence of the concentration of the anions on this quantity will have to be discussed . 
The experiments on casein solutions therefore confirm the conclusion at which we arrived from the behavior of gelatin and crystalline egg albumin that the forces determining the combination between proteins and acids or alkalies are the same forces of primary valency which also determine the reaction between acids and alkalies with crystalloids , and that the valency and not the nature of the ion in combination with a protein determines the effect on the physical properties of the protein . 
The distribution of manganese dioxide particles 1 hour following intravenous injection in cats , dogs , rabbits , guinea pigs , rats , chickens , and turtles is described . 
This distribution is remarkably constant for all the animals tested , except the cat , in which the injected material is practically equally divided between the lungs and liver . 
In the other animals the liver performs the main share of the work , and in the cat it has been shown that the liver after 12 hours accumulates the manganese which was formerly deposited in the lungs . 
The results are in harmony with experiments in which bacterial suspensions are employed for injection and confirm the suggestion previously made ( 2 ) that in the first handling of foreign particulate material the animal behaves similarly whether protein or inorganic injections are used . 
1 . 
Cases of flagellate infection of man by Chilomastix mesnili have been reported from nearly every locality in the world . 
They are fairly abundant in the United States and are often confused with cases of infection by Trichomonas intestinalis . 
2 . 
The shape of Chilomastix is pyriform . 
The body contains the following structures : nucleus , centrosome , primary , secondary , and tertiary blepharoplasts , parabasal , parastyle , peristomal fiber , ventral cytostome , cytostomal flagellum , three anterior flagella , food vacuoles with bacterial inclusions , and a posterior spine - like process , the hold - fast organ . 
3 . 
The twisted shape in some flagellates in this case of infection is a temporary condition . 
It was seen in flagellates taken from the feces of the patient on only two occasions and was never observed among the cultured forms . 
4 . 
The cysts of Chilomastix are lemon - shaped and occurred irregularly in the stools of the patient . 
They have not been encountered thus far in the cultures . 
5 . 
Chilomastix mesnili was cultured continuously from January 27 to June 15 , 1920 , in an artificial medium composed of one part of human serum and four parts of Locke ' s solution with the addition of a small amount of dextrose . 
6 . 
Cultures sometimes remained viable for a period of 1 to 10 days , but generally for a period of 1 to 8 days . 
7 . 
The flagellates in the cultures increased in number during the 1st , 2nd , 3rd , and often the 4th days , after which there was a decrease until all had disappeared . 
8 . 
A period of lag , probably 13 hours in length , and followed by a period of great fecundity , characterized the growth of the flagellates during the 1st day in the cultures . 
9 . 
The number of flagellates in the cultures varied considerably and often reached 700 , 000 per cubic centimeter . 
10 . 
The bacteria served in part as the food of the flagellates . 
The bacterial organisms identified in the cultures were Bacillus coli communis , Bacillus coli communior , Bacterium aerogenes , Bacillus alkaligenes , and Bacillus proteus . 
The proteins of the blood serum , the mineral salts , and the dextrose in the medium may also have proved a source of food for the protozoa . 
11 . 
The products of bacterial metabolism , resulting from the growth of the bacteria , their fermentative activity , and their death may explain the rate of growth , reproduction , and death of the flagellates in the cultures . 
A certain amount of the products of decomposition together with the presence of the bacterial food supply may explain the rapid proliferation of the flagellates during the 1st day and the slower rate up to the 3rd or 4th day . 
An excess of these products may have inhibited the growth and multiplication of the protozoa , especially after the 3rd or 4th day , and ultimately may have brought about their death and disappearance from the cultures . 
12 . 
The initial alkalinity of the medium increased at the death of the culture . 
It is not believed that the change in alkalinity proved lethal to the protozoa . 
13 . 
Binary fission was often observed . 
The plane of division was median and longitudinal . 
A paradesmose was formed . 
14 . 
Multiple fission also occurred . 
The flagellate body , ameboid in movement , was a somatella comprised of four zooids . 
It contained four cytostomes , each with a cytostomal flagellum . 
The number of anterior flagella was not complete for each zooid . 
15 . 
Flagellates , joined in pairs , were often seen during the first 3 days in the cultures . 
They may represent conjugating forms , but as yet no evidence of the exchange of nuclear substance has been seen . 
1 . 
Ions with the opposite sign of charge as that of a protein ion diminish the swelling , osmotic pressure , and viscosity of the protein . 
Ions with the same sign of charge as the protein ion ( with the exception of H and OH ions ) seem to have no effect on these properties as long as the concentrations of electrolytes used are not too high . 
2 . 
The relative depressing effect of different ions on the physical properties of proteins is a function only of the valency and sign of charge of the ion , ions of the same sign of charge and the same valency having practically the same depressing effect on gelatin solutions of the same pH while the depressing effect increases rapidly with an increase in the valency of the ion . 
3 . 
The Hofmeister series of ions are the result of an error due to the failure to notice the influence of the addition of a salt upon the hydrogen ion concentration of the protein solution . 
As a consequence of this failure , effects caused by a variation in the hydrogen ion concentration of the solution were erroneously attributed to differences in the nature of the ions of the salts used . 
4 . 
It is not safe to draw conclusions concerning specific effects of ions on the swelling , osmotic pressure , or viscosity of gelatin when the concentration of electrolytes in the solution exceeds M / 16 , since at that concentration the values of these properties are near the minimum characteristic of the isoelectric point . 
1 . 
Our results show clearly that the Hofmeister series is not the correct expression of the relative effect of ions on the swelling of gelatin , and that it is not true that chlorides , bromides , and nitrates have " hydrating , " and acetates , tartrates , citrates , and phosphates " dehydrating , " effects . 
If the pH of the gelatin is taken into considertion , it is found that for the same pH the effect on swelling is the same for gelatin chloride , nitrate , trichloracetate , tartrate , succinate , oxalate , citrate , and phosphate , while the swelling is considerably less for gelatin sulfate . 
This is exactly what we should expect on the basis of the combining ratios of the corresponding acids with gelatin since the weak dibasic and tribasic acids combine with gelatin in molecular proportions while the strong dibasic acid H ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) combines with gelatin in equivalent proportions . 
In the case of the weak dibasic acids he anion in combination with gelatin is therefore monovalent and in the case of the strong H ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) it is bivalent . 
Hence it is only the valency and not the nature of the ion in combination with gelatin which affects the degree of swelling . 
2 . 
This is corroborated in the experiments with alkalies which show that LiOH , NaOH , KOH , and NH ( 4 ) OH cause the same degree of swelling at the same pH of the gelatin solution and that this swelling is considerably higher than that caused by Ca ( OH ) ( 2 ) and Ba ( OH ) ( 2 ) for the same pH . 
This agrees with the results of the titration experiments which prove that Ca ( OH ) ( 2 ) and Ba ( OH ) ( 2 ) combine with gelatin in equivalent proportions and that hence the cation in combination with the gelatin salt with these two latter bases is bivalent . 
3 . 
The fact that proteins combine with acids and alkalies on the basis of the forces of primary valency is therefore not only in full agreement with the influence of ions on the physical properties of proteins but allows us to predict this influence qualitatively and quantitatively . 
4 . 
What has been stated in regard to the influence of ions on the swelling of the different gelatin salts is also true in regard to the influence of ions on the relative solubility of gelatin in alcohol - water mixtures . 
5 . 
Conductivity measurements of solutions of gelatin salts do not support the theory that the drop in the curves for swelling , osmotic pressure , or viscosity , which occurs at a pH 3 . 3 or a little less , is due to a drop in the concentration of ionized protein in the solution ; nor do they suggest that the difference between the physical properties of gelatin sulfate and gelatin chloride is due to differences in the degree of ionization of these two salts . 
The experiments described above show that the rate of digestion and the conductivity of protein solutions are very closely parallel . 
If the isoelectric point of a protein is at a lower hydrogen ion concentration than that of another , the conductivity and also the rate of digestion of the first protein extends further to the alkaline side . 
The optimum hydrogen ion concentration for the rate of digestion and the degree of ionization ( conductivity ) of gelatin solutions is the same , and the curves for the ionization and rate of digestion as plotted against the pH are nearly parallel throughout . 
The addition of a salt with the same anion as the acid to a solution of protein already containing the optimum amount of the acid has the same depressing effect on the digestion as has the addition of the equivalent amount of acid . 
These facts are in quantitative agreement with the hypothesis that the determining factor in the digestion of proteins by pepsin is the amount of ionized protein present in the solution . 
It was shown in a previous paper that this would also account for the peculiar relation between the rate of digestion and the concentration of protein . 
The amount of ionized protein in the solution depends on the amount of salt formed between the protein ( a weak base ) and the acid . 
This quantity , in turn , according to the hydrolysis theory of the salts of weak bases and strong acids , is a function of the hydrogen ion concentration , up to the point at which all the protein is combined with the acid as a salt . 
This point is the optimum hydrogen ion concentration for digestion , since the solution now contains the maximum concentration of protein ions . 
The hydrogen ion concentration in this range therefore is merely a convenient indicator of the amount of ionized protein present in the solution and takes no active part in the hydrolysis . 
After sufficient acid has been added to combine with all the protein , i . e .  at pH of about 2 . 0 , the further addition of acid serves to depress the ionization of the protein salt by increasing the concentration of the common anion . 
The hydrogen ion concentration is , therefore , no longer an indicator of the amount of ionized protein present , since this quantity is now determined by the anion concentration . 
Hence on the acid side of the optimum the addition of the same concentration of anion should have the same influence on the rate of digestion irrespective of whether it is combined with hydrogen or some other ion ( provided , of course , that there is no other secondary effect of the other ion ) . 
The proposed mechanism is very similar to that suggested by Stieglitz and his coworkers for the hydrolysis of the imido esters . 
Pekelharing and Ringer have shown that pure pepsin in acid solution is always negatively charged ; i . e . , it is an anion . 
The experiments described above show further that it behaves just as would be expected of any anion in the presence of a salt containing the protein ion as the cation and as has been shown by Loeb to be the case with inorganic anions . 
Nothing has been said in regard to the quantitative agreement between the increasing amounts of ionized protein found in the solution ( as shown by the conductivity values ) and the amount predicted by the hydrolysis theory of the formation of salts of weak bases and strong acids . 
There is little doubt that the values are in qualitative agreement with such a theory . 
In order to make a quantitative comparison , however , it would be necessary to know the ionization constant of the protein and of the protein salt and also the number of hydroxyl ( or amino ) groups in the protein molecule as well as the molecular weight of the protein . 
Since these values are not known with any degree of certainty there appears to be no value at present in attempting to apply the hydrolysis equations to the data obtained . 
It it clear that the hypothesis as outlined above for the hydrolysis of proteins by pepsin cannot be extended directly to enzymes in general , since in many cases the substrate is not known to exist in an ionized condition at all . 
It is possible , however , that ionization is really present or that the equilibrium instead of being ionic is between two tautomeric forms of the substrate , only one of which is attacked by the enzyme . 
Furthermore , it is clear that even in the case of proteins there are difficulties in the way since the pepsin obtained from young animals , or a similar enzyme preparation from yeast or other microorganisms , is said to have a different optimum hydrogen ion concentration than that found for the pepsin used in these experiments . 
The activity of these enzyme preparations therefore would not be found to depend on the ionization of the protein . 
It is possible of course that the enzyme preparations mentioned may contain several proteolytic enzymes and that the action observed is a combination of the action of several enzymes . 
Dernby has shown that this is a very probable explanation of the action of the autolytic enzymes . 
The optimum hydrogen ion concentration for the activity of the pepsin used in these experiments agrees very closely with that found by Ringer for pepsin prepared by him directly from gastric juice and very carefully purified . 
Ringer ' s pepsin probably represents as pure an enzyme preparation as it is possible to prepare . 
There is every reason to suppose therefore that the enzyme used in this work was not a mixture of several enzymes . 
IT HAS BEEN SHOWN : 1 . 
That complement exposed to ultra - violet light is not thereby sensitized to the action of heat ( which indicates that it is not protein ) . 
2 . 
That inactivation of complement by ultra - violet light is accompanied by a decrease in its surface tension . 
3 . 
That photoinactivation of complement is not a result of any changes in hydrogen ion concentration since these are less than 0 . 05 pH . 
4 . 
That hydrogen ion concentrations high enough to transform serum proteins from the cation to the anion condition ( i . e .  past the isoelectric point ) permanently inactivate complement . 
These facts together with those given in previous papers lead to the following hypotheses . 
1 . 
That there is present in serum a hemolytic substance which is formed from a precursor ( which may resemble lecithin ) and is constantly being formed and simultaneously being broken down into inactive products . 
2 . 
That both precursor and lysin contain the same photosensitive molecular group . 
3 . 
That the lytic substance is dependent for its activity upon the state of the serum proteins . 
1 . 
Pneumococci contain an intracellular enzyme or enzymes which ( a ) hydrolyze to some extent intact protein and ( b ) hydrolyze with striking avidity peptones . 
The optimum reaction for hydrolysis is pH 7 to 7 . 8 , which also represents the optimum for the growth of pneumococcus . 
For convenience the terms " protease " and " peptonase " have been used , but no assumption is made as to whether the two actions , proteolysis and peptolysis , are due to two separate enzymes or are two activities of the same enzyme . 
2 . 
Solutions of intracellular substance of comparable enzymic activity may be prepared by dissolving the bacteria in bile , in sodium choleate , or by mechanical and autolytic disintegration of the cell . 
3 . 
The rapidity with which peptone is hydrolyzed is proportional to the concentration of the enzyme . 
4 . 
Heating the enzyme for 10 minutes at 100 degrees C . destroys its activity . 
5 . 
Increasing the acidity to pH 5 , the acid death - point of pneumococcus , suspends activity but does not destroy the enzyme , for activity is restored by readjustment to pH 7 . 8 . 
6 . 
Attenuation of virulence to 1 / 1 , 000 , 000 of the original virulence had no measurable quantitative effect on the enzyme activity . 
The skin irritant , xylol , when applied to the ears of sensitized and reinjected rabbits often causes a severe inflammation with the formation of crusts and destruction of tissue . 
Dry gangrene of the entire ear tip may result ( Figs . 
1 , 2 , and 3 ) . 
The same agent , applied in the same dosage and in the same way , to the ears of ( 1 ) normal rabbits , ( 2 ) normal rabbits injected once with horse serum ( serum controls ) , or ( 3 ) sensitized but not reinjected rabbits , causes only a mild inflammation with more or less edema . 
The inflammation and edema disappear in 2 or 3 days , leaving a practically normal ear . 
The ear lesions of the sensitized reinjected rabbits which develop after the application of xylol are interpreted as a primary anaphylactic reaction . 
This primary anaphylactic reaction is considered the result of a local autoinoculation of the ear tissues with circulating antigen . 
The local autoinoculation is brought about by the irritant action of the xylol which causes an inflammation and edema of the site of application . 
An anaphylactic reaction may now occur because the inflamed tissues are more active metabolically than normal tissues and therefore the inflamed cells are affected by more antigen per unit of time than the normal cells . 
A subliminal concentration of antigen for non - inflamed , sensitized cells may thus become effective when inflamed sensitized cells are concerned . 
This process may theoretically occur in any tissue of a sensitized animal which can show an anaphylactic reaction , for example the intestines , lungs , heart , skin , nerves , arteries , etc . 
It is possible that this interplay of conditions may explain a number of functional abnormalities in the human subject . 
1 . 
This paper contains experiments on the influence of acids and alkalies on the osmotic pressure of solutions of crystalline egg albumin and of gelatin , and on the viscosity of solutions of gelatin . 
2 . 
It was found in all cases that there is no difference in the effects of HCl , HBr , HNO ( 3 ) , acetic , mono - , di - , and trichloracetic , succinic , tartaric , citric , and phosphoric acids upon these physical properties when the solutions of the protein with these different acids have the same pH and the same concentration of originally isoelectric protein . 
3 . 
It was possible to show that in all the protein - acid salts named the anion in combination with the protein is monovalent . 
4 . 
The strong dibasic acid H ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) forms protein - acid salts with a divalent anion SO ( 4 ) and the solutions of protein sulfate have an osmotic pressure and a viscosity of only half or less than that of a protein chloride solution of the same pH and the same concentration of originally isoelectric protein . 
Oxalic acid behaves essentially like a weak dibasic acid though it seems that a small part of the acid combines with the protein in the form of divalent anions . 
5 . 
It was found that the osmotic pressure and viscosity of solutions of Li , Na , K , and NH ( 4 ) salts of a protein are the same at the same pH and the same concentration of originally isoelectric protein . 
6 . 
Ca ( OH ) ( 2 ) and Ba ( OH ) ( 2 ) form salts with proteins in which the cation is divalent and the osmotic pressure and viscosity of solutions of these two metal proteinates are only one - half or less than half of that of Na proteinate of the same pH and the same concentration of originally isoelectric gelatin . 
7 . 
These results exclude the possibility of expressing the effect of different acids and alkalies on the osmotic pressure of solutions of gelatin and egg albumin and on the viscosity of solutions of gelatin in the form of ion series . 
The different results of former workers were probably chiefly due to the fact that the effects of acids and alkalies on these proteins were compared for the same quantity of acid and alkali instead of for the same pH . 
Bacillus pyogenes is probably quite common in this country , as it is known to be in Europe . 
A careful study of twelve strains from cattle and one from a hog has disclosed the following characteristics which have not been reported or have been in dispute . 
Bacillus pyogenes is Gram - positive and pleomorphic , producing forms ranging from short chains of streptococcoid elements to branching filaments . 
It is hemolytic , producing the beta type of hemolysis in blood agar . 
It is not hemoglobinophilic , though its growth is greatly favored by some higher protein material such as egg albumin , serum , or blood . 
It ferments xylose in addition to the substances previously reported . 
The coagulation of milk by Bacillus pyogenes is primarily an enzyme coagulation and the subsequent digestion of the curd takes place in an acid medium . 
The intravenous injection of rabbits was invariably fatal . 
The lesions most commonly developed were those of the bones . 
Paralysis was frequently produced , and in each case was caused by lesions in the vertebrae exerting pressure against the ventral columns of the spinal cord . 
Muscle abscesses were also frequently produced . 
The authors regard the organism as belonging to the Corynebacteria rather than to the influenza group . 
1 . 
Trivalent cations cause a collodion membrane covered with a protein film to be charged positively while they do not produce such an effect on collodion membranes not possessing a protein film . 
The same had been found for the reversal of the sign of charge of the membrane by acid . 
2 . 
This reversal in the sign of charge of the membrane by trivalent cations occurs on the alkaline side of the isoelectric point of the protein used ; while the reversal by acid occurs on the acid side of the isoelectric point . 
3 . 
The reversal seems to be due to or to be accompanied in both cases by a chemical change in the protein . 
The chemical change which occurs when the hydrogen ions reverse the sign of charge of the protein film consists in the formation of a protein - acid salt whereby the H ion becomes part of a complex protein cation ; while the chemical change which occurs when trivalent cations reverse the sign of charge of the protein film consists in the formation of an insoluble and therefore sparingly or non - ionizable metal proteinate . 
1 . 
It is pointed out that the apparent exceptions to the law of mass action found in enzyme reactions may be found in catalytic reactions in strictly homogeneous solutions . 
2 . 
These deviations in the rate of reaction from the law of mass action may be explained by the hypothesis that the active mass of the reacting substances is not directly proportional to the total concentration of substance taken . 
3 . 
In support of this suggestion it is shown that for any given concentration of pepsin the relative rate of digestion of concentrated and of dilute protein solutions is always the same . 
If the rate of digestion depended on the saturation of the surface of the enzyme by substrate the relative rate of digestion of concentrated protein solutions should increase more rapidly with the concentration of enzyme than that of dilute solutions . 
This was found not to be true , even when the enzyme could not be considered saturated in the dilute protein solutions . 
4 . 
The rate of digestion and the conductivity of egg albumin solutions of different concentration were found to be approximately proportional at the same pH . 
This agrees with the hypothesis first expressed by Pauli that the ionized protein is largely or entirely the form which is attacked by the enzyme . 
5 . 
The rate of digestion is diminished by a very large increase in the viscosity of the protein solution . 
This effect is probably a mechanical one due to the retardation of the diffusion of the enzyme . 
1 . 
It had been shown in previous papers that when a collodion membrane has been treated with a protein the membrane assumes a positive charge when the hydrogen ion concentration of the solution with which it is in contact exceeds a certain limit . 
It is pointed out in this paper that by treating the collodion membrane with a protein ( e . g .  oxyhemoglobin ) a thin film of protein adheres to the membrane and that the positive charge of the membrane must therefore be localized in this protein film . 
2 . 
It is further shown in this paper that the hydrogen ion concentration , at which the reversal in the sign of the charge of a collodion membrane treated with a protein occurs , varies in the same sense as the isoelectric point of the protein , with which the membrane has been treated , and is always slightly higher than that of the isoelectric point of the protein used . 
3 . 
The critical hydrogen ion concentration required for the reversal seems to be , therefore , that concentration where enough of the protein lining of the membrane is converted into a protein - acid salt ( e . g .  gelatin nitrate ) capable of ionizing into a positive protein ion ( e . g .  gelatin ) and the anion of the acid used ( e . g .  NO ( 3 ) ) . 
1 . 
In certain cases the rate of digestion of proteins by pepsin is not proportional to the total concentration of pepsin . 
2 . 
It is suggested that this is due to the fact that the enzyme in solution is in equilibrium with another substance ( called peptone for convenience ) and that the equilibrium is quantitatively expressed by the law of mass action , according to the following equation . 
See PDF for Equation It is assumed that only the uncombined pepsin affects the hydrolysis of the protein . 
3 . 
The hypothesis has been put in the form of a differential equation and found to agree quantitatively with the experimental results when the concentration of pepsin , peptone , or both is varied . 
4 . 
Pepsin inactivated with alkali enters the equilibrium to the same extent as active pepsin . 
5 . 
Under certain conditions ( concentration of peptone large with respect to pepsin , and concentration of substrate relatively constant ) the relative change in the amount of active pepsin is inversely proportional to the concentration of peptone and the equation simplifies to Schütz ' s rule . 
6 . 
An integral equation is obtained which holds for the entire course of the digestion ( except for the first few minutes ) with varying enzyme concentration . 
This equation is identical in form with the one derived by Arrhenius for the action of ammonia on ethyl acetate . 
7 . 
It is pointed out that there are many analogies between the action of pepsin on albumin solutions and the action of toxins on an organism . 
1 . 
Pepsin in solution at 38 degrees C . is most stable at a hydrogen ion concentration of about 10 ( - 5 ) ( pH 5 . 0 ) . 
2 . 
Increasing the hydrogen ion concentration above pH 5 . 0 causes a slow increase in the rate of destruction of pepsin . 
3 . 
Decreasing the hydrogen ion concentration below pH 5 . 0 causes a very rapid increase in the rate of destruction of the enzyme . 
4 . 
Neither the purity of the enzyme solution nor the anion of the acid used has any marked effect on the rate of destruction or on the zone of hydrogen ion concentration in which the enzyme is most stable . 
5 . 
The existence of an optimum range of hydrogen ion concentration for the digestion of proteins by pepsin cannot be explained by the destruction of the enzyme by either too weak or too strong acid . 
1 . 
Practically every detail of clinical diabetes can be reproduced in partially depancreatized animals . 
The resemblance is made still more exact by the susceptibility of such dogs to acidosis and coma , as will be shown in later papers , and also by the similarity of the anatomic changes in the islands of Langerhans . 
These animals are therefore useful test objects for a therapeutic investigation . 
2 . 
These animals at first show considerable tendency to regain assimilation , comparable to that in the early stages of most human cases of diabetes ; and in some instances they recover so as to be able to endure any degree or duration of carbohydrate feeding and can be made diabetic only by removal of additional pancreatic tissue . 
Similar recovery in some human cases , especially after acute pancreatitis , is a probability . 
This recuperative tendency can be negatived by overfeeding , even without glycosuria . 
With duration of the diabetes the power of recuperation diminishes and practically disappears in dogs as in human patients . 
3 . 
In the absence of progressive pancreatitis or other extraneous causes , these dogs show no inherent downward tendency in their assimilation . 
This conclusion rests upon observations as long as 6 years from the first pancreas operation and 3 years of known diabetes . 
This absence of inherent progressiveness is what should naturally be expected in animals with simple resection of part of an organ , and serves further to fit them for accurate feeding experiments . 
4 . 
Every detail of the downward progress of human patients on various diets is reproduced in such animals . 
They lose assimilation and die most rapidly on diets rich in carbohydrate , and less rapidly on excess of other foods . 
The differences between sugar and starch , and between starch and protein , seem to be only those of degree and time rather than anything absolute . 
The important point is that , granting the absence of spontaneous downward tendencies as stated , all the different kinds and degrees of downward progress in the records of animals in this and the preceding paper are purely the results of overstrain of the internal pancreatic function by excess of food . 
5 . 
Varying degrees of success and failure in the dietetic control of diabetes are also illustrated . 
The benefit of the classical treatment by exclusion of preformed carbohydrate and limitation of protein is confirmed , in the prolongation of life and well - being to some extent in nearly all cases and perhaps indefinitely in some of the mildest cases . 
In the great majority of cases such a therapeutic result is not permanent , and downward progress is finally observed if the observations are continued long enough . 
In most of these cases life , strength , and assimilation can be preserved for a much longer time by a degree of undernutrition suited to the severity of the diabetes , and accomplished by limitation of fat in the diet . 
The permanence of such control is supported by the unimpaired or rising assimilation in experiments of 1 to 1 ( 3 / 4 ) years duration , but still longer observations would be desirable . 
Diabetes of great severity is controllable only by correspondingly radical undernutrition . 
In still more severe cases glycosuria can be abolished only by a degree of undernutrition which entails final death from inanition . 
In the most severe cases glycosuria cannot be stopped , evidently because the assimilative power is too low to dispose of even the minimum supply of food materials ; namely , that derived from the body stores in fasting . 
6 . 
A claim of saving every patient , no matter how near death , would be a preposterous one for any remedy in any disease , and the animal experiments do not support such a claim for diabetes . 
Also it is unreasonable to expect the actual cure of an organic deficiency by diet , and the diet treatment in animals just as in patients generally represents the sparing rather than the restoration of the weakened function . 
The basis of the belief in the inherently progressive tendency of severe cases of clinical diabetes is shaken by the exact reproduction of such case histories by diet in animals which are free from spontaneous downward tendencies ; but there is still lack of a sufficient number of patients treated on the principle of relief of the total metabolic burden to demonstrate the absence of such inherent progressiveness in human diabetes . 
As described elsewhere , the principle mentioned has given encouraging results in proportion as it has received actual application in practice . 
The clinical problem requires the same prolonged careful control of all discoverable symptoms as in animals , and cases too severe for such control , or complicated with infections , violations of diet , etc . , are on the same plane as animals in which a similar condition has been produced . 
Some proportion of cases , especially in young persons , will be found suitable for accurate determination of the question of whether all or most cases of severe diabetes are inevitably progressive and hopeless , and the writer looks forward to publishing such a series . 
Irrespective of the outcome , the raising of this question is justified by its importance . 
On the theoretical side , it involves both the general prognosis and the nature of the process underlying diabetes . 
On the practical side , it is already established that diet is at least the chief cause of downward progress , and it is important to eliminate this cause by avoiding the dietary injuries illustrated in the animal experiments . 
1 . 
The injurious effects of excessive carbohydrate diet are demonstrable in partially depancreatized dogs , in the same manner as in human patients . 
With severe diabetes there is rapid progress of emaciation and weakness and early death . 
2 . 
With milder diabetes , there is frequently a transitional state following operation , when the fate depends on the diet . 
If the tolerance is spared for a time , recovery sometimes occurs to such extent that diabetes cannot be produced by any kind or quantity of feeding , but only by removal of a small additional fragment of pancreatic tissue . 
The proper degree of carbohydrate overfeeding is important in this early period for producing the most useful type of diabetic animals ; namely , those having good digestion and general health combined with a permanent lowering of assimilative power , like the condition of human patients . 
3 . 
In the early stage , glucose is more powerful than starch in producing diabetes , and animals which are progressing toward complete recovery on starch diet can be sent into hopeless diabetes by admixture of glucose . 
The difference seems to be merely of the rate of absorption , and indicates that a rapid flood of carbohydrate is more injurious to the pancreatic function than a slow absorption . 
Whenever permanent diabetes is present , so that complete recovery is impossible , starch brings on glycosuria more slowly than sugar , but just as surely . 
The difference in time in different cases amounts to days , weeks , or months . 
The clinical lesson from such experiments is that even if a patient becomes free from glycosuria on withdrawal of sugar only , nevertheless other foods should also be limited . 
4 . 
No significant differences were observed between the assimilation of different starches , or any extreme lowering of the carbohydrate tolerance by proteins , such as alleged by certain writers in connection with the " oatmeal cure " . 
5 . 
Repair of traumatic inflammation and hypertrophy of the pancreas remnant have been mentioned incidentally as the basis of the early tendency to recovery , and also hydropic degeneration of Langerhans islands as an accompaniment of the lowering of tolerance by excessive diet . 
These are believed to have their parallels in human cases , and are to be described more fully hereafter . 
1 . 
The injurious effects of excessive carbohydrate diet are demon strable in partially depancreatized dogs , in the same manner as in human patients . 
With severe diabetes there is rapid progress of emaciation and weakness and early death . 
2 . 
With milder diabetes , there is frequently a transitional state following operation , when the fate depends on the diet . 
If the tolerance is spared for a time , recovery sometimes occurs to such extent that diabetes cannot be produced by any kind or quantity of feeding , but only by removal of a small additional fragment of pancreatic tissue . 
The proper degree of carbohydrate overfeeding is important in this early period for producing the most useful type of diabetic animals ; namely , those having good digestion and general health combined with a permanent lowering of assimilative power , like the condition of human patients . 
3 . 
In the early stage , glucose is more powerful than starch in producing diabetes , and animals which are progressing toward complete recovery on starch diet can be sent into hopeless diabetes by admix ture of glucose . 
The difference seems to be merely of the rate of absorption , and indicates that a rapid flood of carbohydrate is more injurious to the pancreatic function than a slow absorption . 
When ever permanent diabetes is present , so that complete recovery is impossible , starch brings on glycosuria more slowly than sugar , but just as surely . 
The difference in time in different cases amounts to days , weeks , or months . 
The clinical lesson from such experiments is that even if a patient becomes free from glycosuria on withdrawal of sugar only , nevertheless other foods should also be limited . 
4 . 
No significant differences were observed between the assimilation of different starches , or any extreme lowering of the carbohydrate tolerance by proteins , such as alleged by certain writers in connection with the " oatmeal cure . 
" 5 . 
Repair of traumatic inflammation and hypertrophy of the pancreas remnant have been mentioned incidentally as the basis of the early tendency to recovery , and also hydropic degeneration of Lang erhans islands as an accompaniment of the lowering of tolerance by excessive diet . 
These are believed to have their parallels in human cases , and are to be described more fully hereafter . 
1 . 
In three previous publications it had been shown that electrolytes influence the rate of diffusion of pure water through a collodion membrane into a solution in three different ways , which can be understood on the assumption of an electrification of the water or the watery phase at the boundary of the membrane ; namely , ( a ) While the watery phase in contact with collodion is generally positively electrified , it happens that , when the membrane has received a treatment with a protein , the presence of hydrogen ions and of simple cations with a valency of three or above ( beyond a certain concentration ) causes the watery phase of the double layer at the boundary of membrane and solution to be negatively charged . 
( b ) When pure water is separated from a solution by a collodion membrane , the initial rate of diffusion of water into a solution is accelerated by the ion with the opposite sign of charge and retarded by the ion with the same sign of charge as that of the water , both effects increasing with the valency of the ion and a second constitutional quantity of the ion which is still to be defined . 
( c ) The relative influence of the oppositely charged ions , mentioned in ( b ) , is not the same for all concentrations of electrolytes . 
For lower concentrations the influence of that ion usually prevails which has the opposite sign of charge from that of the watery phase of the double layer ; while in higher concentrations the influence of that ion begins to prevail which has the same sign of charge as that of the watery phase of the double layer . 
For a number of solutions the turning point lies at a molecular concentration of about M / 256 or M / 512 . 
In concentrations of M / 8 or above the influence of the electrical charges of ions mentioned in ( b ) or ( c ) seems to become less noticeable or to disappear entirely . 
2 . 
It is shown in this paper that in electrical endosmose through a collodion membrane the influence of electrolytes on the rate of transport of liquids is the same as in free osmosis . 
Since the influence of electrolytes on the rate of transport in electrical endosmose must be ascribed to their influence on the quantity of electrical charge on the unit area of the membrane , we must conclude that the same explanation holds for the influence of electrolytes on the rate of transport of water into a solution through a collodion membrane in the case of free osmosis . 
3 . 
We may , therefore , conclude , that when pure water is separated from a solution of an electrolyte by a collodion membrane , the rate of diffusion of water into the solution by free osmosis is accelerated by the ion with the opposite sign of charge as that of the watery phase of the double layer , because this ion increases the quantity of charge on the unit area on the solution side of the membrane ; and that the rate of diffusion of water is retarded by the ion with the same sign of charge as that of the watery phase for the reason that this ion diminishes the charge on the solution side of the membrane . 
When , therefore , the ions of an electrolyte raise the charge on the unit area of the membrane on the solution side above that on the side of pure water , a flow of the oppositely charged liquid must occur through the interstices of the membrane from the side of the water to the side of the solution ( positive osmosis ) . 
When , however , the ions of an electrolyte lower the charge on the unit area of the solution side of the membrane below that on the pure water side of the membrane , liquid will diffuse from the solution into the pure water ( negative osmosis ) . 
4 . 
We must , furthermore , conclude that in lower concentrations of many electrolytes the density of electrification of the double layer increases with an increase in concentration , while in higher concentrations of the same electrolytes it decreases with an increase in concentration . 
The turning point lies for a number of electrolytes at a molecular concentration of about M / 512 or M / 256 . 
This explains why in lower concentrations of electrolytes the rate of diffusion of water through a collodion membrane from pure water into solution rises at first rapidly with an increase in concentration while beyond a certain concentration ( which in a number of electrolytes is M / 512 or M / 256 ) the rate of diffusion of water diminishes with a further increase in concentration . 
It is evident that there are numerous interacting factors which affect streptolysin in the presence of fermented sugars . 
The principal action is the change in the metabolism of the streptococcus by which more carbohydrate and less protein is utilized ; although the growth is much increased there is proportionately less hemolysin . 
The acid developed in these cultures not only lessens the vitality of the growing organism and so lessens proteolysis , but is destructive to hemolysin at incubator temperature . 
The concentration of the acid produced causes some hemolysis , and a coincident brown discoloration of the hemoglobin . 
These principles may be applied to both liquid and solid media . 
The state in which a protein substance exists depends upon the nature of its combination with acids or bases and is changed by change in the protein compound . 
The nature of the compound of a protein that exists at any hydrogen ion concentration can be ascertained if the isoelectric point of the protein is known . 
Accordingly information regarding the isoelectric points of vegetable proteins is of importance for operations in which it may be desirable to change the state of protein substances , as in the dehydration of vegetables . 
The Protein in Potato Juice . - The hydrogen ion concentration of the filtered juice of the potato is in the neighborhood of 10 ( - 7 ) N . Such juice contains the globulin tuberin to the extent of from 1 to 2 per cent . 
The character of the compound of tuberin that exists in nature was suggested by its anodic migration in an electric field . 
The addition of acid to potato juice dissociated this compound and liberated tuberin at its isoelectric point . 
The isoelectric point of tuberin coincided with a slightly lower hydrogen ion concentration than 10 ( - 4 ) N . At that reaction it existed most nearly uncombined . 
The flow of current during cataphoresis was greatest in the neighborhood of the isoelectric point . 
This evidence supplements that of the direction of the migration of tuberin , since it also suggests the existence of the greatest number of uncombined ions near this point . 
At acidities greater than the isoelectric point tuberin combined with acid . 
The compound that was formed contained nearly three times as much acid as was needed to dissociate the tuberin compound that existed in nature . 
At such acidities tuberin migrated to the cathode . 
Though never completely precipitated tuberin was least soluble in the juice of the potato in the neighborhood of its isoelectric point . 
Both the compounds of tuberin with acids and with bases were more soluble in the juice than was uncombined tuberin . 
The nature of the slight precipitate that separated when potato juice was made slightly alkaline was not determined . 
The Protein in Carrot Juice . - The isoelectric point of the protein in carrot juice coincided with that of tuberin . 
Remarkably similar also were the properties of carrot juice and the juice of the potato . 
Existing in nature at nearly the same reaction they combined with acids and bases to nearly the same extent and showed minima in solubility at the same hydrogen ion concentrations . 
The greatest difference in behavior concerned the alkaline precipitate which , in the carrot , was nearly as great as the acid precipitate . 
The Protein in Tomato Juice . - The protein of the tomato existed in a precipitated form near its isoelectric point . 
Accordingly it was not present to any extent in filtered tomato juice . 
If , however , the considerable acidity at which the tomato exists was neutralized the protein dissolved and was filterable . 
It then migrated to the anode in an electric field . 
The addition of sufficient acid to make the hydrogen ion concentration slightly greater than 10 ( - 5 ) N again precipitated the protein at its isoelectric point . 
At greater acidities migration was cathodic . 
1 . 
A quantitative method for the determination of pepsin is described depending on the change in conductivity of a digesting egg albumin solution . 
2 . 
The combination of pepsin with an insoluble substrate has been followed by this method . 
3 . 
The amount of pepsin removed from solution by a given weight of substrate is independent of the size of the particles of the substrate . 
4 . 
There is an optimum zone of hydrogen ion concentration for the combination of enzyme and substrate corresponding to the optimum for digestion . 
5 . 
It is suggested that the pepsin combines largely or entirely with the ionized protein . 
Evidence is given of the presence in the cellular material obtained from the pneumonic lung of a proteolytic enzyme digesting coagulated blood serum at hydrogen ion concentrations of 7 . 3 to 6 . 7 and inactive at higher ; i . e . , more acid concentrations . 
In addition , evidence is brought forward of the presence in the cellular material from the pneumonic lung of a proteolytic enzyme splitting peptone to amino - acid nitrogen . 
This enzyme is operative at hydrogen ion concentrations from 8 . 0 to 4 . 8 , but most active at 6 . 3 or 5 . 2 . 
These findings may be regarded as having a bearing on resolution in pneumonia . 
During the course of the disease a gradual increase in the hydrogen ion concentration of the exudate probably takes place . 
With the breaking down of cellular material an enzyme digesting protein ( fibrin ) in weakly alkaline and weakly acid media may be liberated . 
With a gradual increase in the hydrogen ion concentration of the pneumonic lung the action of this enzyme probably ceases . 
An enzyme capable of splitting peptone to amino - acid nitrogen is probably active during the proteolysis of the fibrin and further activated when the hydrogen ion concentration of the pneumonic lung is increased to within its range of optimum activity at a pH of 6 . 3 and 5 . 2 . 
By this means it may be conceived that the exudate is dissolved and resolution takes place . 
1 . 
It is impossible to sterilize the intestine by the use of chemical antiseptics even when these are applied directly to the mucosa of isolated segments . 
2 . 
The mucosa of the alimentary tract does not elaborate an internal secretion which is necessary to life , or a secretion which could be disturbed by the conditions of acute obstruction so as to account for the symptom complex of that condition . 
3 . 
The substances responsible for the toxemia in acute obstruction are produced by the action of intestinal bacteria on proteins or their split products . 
4 . 
An injury to the intestinal mucosa , particularly that resulting from disturbances of the blood supply to the intestine , greatly facilitates the absorption of these poisons . 
The work of Hartwell and his associates and that of Murphy and Brooks on this point are confirmed . 
1 . 
At equal hydrogen ion concentration the rate of pepsin digestion of gelatin , egg albumin , blood albumin , casein , and edestin is the same in solutions of hydrochloric , nitric , sulfuric , oxalic , citric , and phosphoric acids . 
Acetic acid diminishes the rate of digestion of all the proteins except gelatin . 
2 . 
There is no evidence of antagonistic salt action in the effect of acids on the pepsin digestion of proteins . 
3 . 
The state of aggregation of the protein , i . e .  whether in solution or not , and the viscosity of the solution have no marked influence on the rate of digestion of the protein . 
1 . 
When we plot the values of osmotic pressure , swelling , and viscosity of gelatin solutions as ordinates over the pH as abscissae , practically identical curves are obtained for the effect of monobasic acids ( HCl , HBr , HNO ( 3 ) , and acetic acid ) on these properties . 
2 . 
The curves obtained for the effect of H ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) on gelatin are much lower than those obtained for the effect of monobasic acids , the ratio of maximal osmotic pressures of a 1 per cent solution of gelatin sulfate and gelatin bromide being about 3 : 8 . 
The same ratio had been found for the ratio of maximal osmotic pressures of calcium and sodium gelatinate . 
3 . 
The curves representing the influence of other dibasic and tribasic acids , viz . 
oxalic , tartaric , succinic , citric , and phosphoric , upon gelatin are almost identical with those representing the effect of monobasic acids . 
4 . 
The facts mentioned under ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) permit us to decide between a purely chemical and a colloidal explanation of the influence of acids on the physical properties of gelatin . 
In the former case we should be able to prove , first , that twice as many molecules of HBr as of H ( 2 ) SO ( 4 ) combine with a given mass of gelatin ; and , second , that the same number of molecules of phosphoric , citric , oxalic , tartaric , and succinic acids as of HNO ( 3 ) or HCl combine with the same mass of gelatin . 
It is shown in the present paper that this is actually the case . 
5 . 
It is shown that gelatin sulfate and gelatin bromide solutions of the same pH have practically the same conductivity . 
This disproves the assumption of colloid chemists that the difference in the effect of bromides and sulfates on the physical properties of gelatin is due to a different ionizing and hydratating effect of the two acids upon the protein molecule . 
Associated with the intoxication of intestinal obstruction there exists a definite impairment of the excretory function of the kidneys . 
The degree of functional depression corresponds roughly with the intensity of the clinical intoxication . 
The decrease in the urea ratio and in the capacity of the kidneys to excrete sodium chloride is more marked than is the percentage decrease of phenolsulfonephthalein elimination . 
The great increase in the non - protein nitrogen of the blood usually observed in acute intestinal obstruction , which has hitherto been explained as being due entirely to an increased rate of protein catabolism , is due in part to retention of the products released from the injured cell protein . 
It is probable that the impaired renal function is due to direct action of the toxic substances upon the renal epithelium . 
The actual demonstration of this renal injury is perhaps the strongest evidence so far obtained to prove the presence of an actual toxic substance in the blood during intestinal obstruction . 
This obscure disability of the kidneys during the height of the intoxication of acute ileus should always be considered in the clinical management of this condition . 
It may also serve as a guide to indicate the degree of intoxication . 
1 . 
A method is given by which the amount of equivalents of metal in combination with 1 gm . 
of a 1 per cent gelatin solution previously treated with an alkali can be ascertained when the excess of alkali is washed away and the pH is determined . 
The curves of metal equivalent in combination with 1 gm . 
of gelatin previously treated with different concentrations of LiOH , NaOH , KOH , NH ( 4 ) OH , Ca ( OH ) ( 2 ) , and Ba ( OH ) ( 2 ) were ascertained and plotted as ordinates , with the pH of the solution as abscissae , and were found to be identical . 
This proves that twice as many univalent as bivalent cations combine with the same mass of gelatin , as was to be expected . 
2 . 
The osmotic pressure of 1 per cent solutions of metal gelatinates with univalent and bivalent cation was measured . 
The curves for the osmotic pressure of 1 per cent solution of gelatin salts of Li , Na , K , and NH ( 4 ) were found to be identical when plotted for pH as abscissae , tending towards the same maximum of a pressure of about 325 mm . 
of the gelatin solution ( for pH about 7 . 9 ) . 
The corresponding curves for Ca and Ba gelatinate were also found to be identical but different from the preceding ones , tending towards a maximum pressure of about 125 mm . 
for pH about 7 . 0 or above . 
The ratio of maxi mal osmotic pressure for the two groups of gelatin salts is therefore about as 1 : 3 after the necessary corrections have been made . 
3 . 
When the conductivities of these solutions are plotted as ordinates against the pH as abscissae , the curves for the conductivities of Li , Na , Ca , and Ba gelatinate are almost identical ( for the same pH ) , while the curves for the conductivities of K and NH ( 4 ) gelatinate are only little higher . 
4 . 
The curves for the viscosity and swelling of Ba ( or Ca ) and Na gelatinate are approximately parallel to those for osmotic pressure . 
5 . 
The practical identity or close proximity of the conductivities of metal gelatinates with univalent and bivalent metal excludes the possibility that the differences observed in the osmotic pressure , viscosity , and swelling between metal gelatinates with univalent and bivalent metal are determined by differences in the degree of ionization ( and a possible hydratation of the protein ions ) . 
6 . 
Another , as yet tentative , explanation is suggested . 
1 . 
Two substances are involved in amphibian metamorphosis as studied in Ambystoma opacum : first , iodine , which is taken up by the food , and second , an excretor substance , which is evolved during the processes of growth and serves to induce the excretory function of the thyroid gland . 
2 . 
This explains why in larvae , whose metamorphosis is inhibited by lack of iodine , growth is checked at the time when metamorphosis should occur ; for at this time the excretor substance commences to act and this results , if iodine is absent , in the excretion by the thyroid of toxic substances which cause the breakdown of proteins and consequently a decrease in size of the larvae . 
3 . 
Larvae whose metamorphosis is inhibited by extirpation of the thyroid or by the hereditary lack of a thyroid ( as is the case in Typhlomolge ) can grow normally , since in them the action of the excretor substance cannot result in the excretion by the thyroid of a toxic growth - inhibiting substance . 
4 . 
At low temperature less excretor substance is produced than at high temperature during an equal rate of growth ; therefore larvae kept at low temperature reach a larger size than larvae kept at high temperature , before they metamorphose . 
In this paper there are reported studies of the acid - base equilibrium in systems containing gluten suspended in solution of hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide . 
The studies have involved measurements of the hydrogen ion concentration , of the electrical conductivity , and of the solution of the proteins . 
Further , measurements have been made of the swelling and of the viscosity of the gluten component of such systems . 
The results seem to show that simple chemical phenomena are most important in such systems , and that the modifications of these , resulting from colloidal and heterogeneous characteristics , are of secondary importance in determining the condition of equilibrium , though somewhat more significant in the progress of the system toward the condition of equilibrium . 
There seems to be very little doubt but that luciferase is a protein or so closely associated with proteins that their removal destroys its characteristic properties . 
The particular group of proteins to which it belongs may be arrived at by a process of exclusion , and only the group of albumins has properties which agree completely with those of luciferase . 
Dubois believes Pholas luciferase to be an oxidizing enzyme similar to the oxydones of Battelli and Stern because it is readily destroyed by fat solvents such as chloroform , strong alcohol , etc . 
He has detected iron in a luciferase solution which has dialyzed against running water for a long time , and believes it to be made up of protein in combination with iron and to act as an " oxyzymase ferrique . 
" Cypridina luciferase , on the other hand , is not readily destroyed by fat solvents . 
Toluene and chloroform are good preservatives , and I often make use of them for this purpose , keeping the luciferase solutions for many months . 
Professor A . H . Phillips of Princeton University has very kindly analyzed some whole dried Cypridinoe for me and finds iron , copper , and manganese but no zinc or vanadium to be present . 
Whether these metals are connected with the action of Cypridina luciferase is uncertain , but it is significant that all three of the metals thought to be concerned in organic oxidations are present . 
Although a large amount of luciferin mixed with a small amount of luciferase will use up all the latter , I agree with Dubois that luciferase has sufficient properties in common with the enzymes as a class to be considered an enzyme . 
The peroxidases are well known to be used up in the reactions they accelerate . 
All workers on enzymes agree that the more enzymes are purified the less active they become . 
The chemical procedures necessary to remove foreign material bring about irreversible changes in the enzyme itself , a characteristic also of many protein groups and of the colloidal state in general . 
This is true in the case of luciferase , for the crude luciferase solution is the most active preparation that can be obtained . 
I believe that Cypridina luciferase should be placed in a class of oxidizing enzymes by itself - a group having the chemical reactions of an albumin , possibly in combination with some heavy metal , and which as far as we know , acts specifically on only one substance , Cypridina luciferin . 
It resembles the plant peroxidases in resisting the action of chloroform , toluene , etc . , but will not oxidize any of the hydroxyphenol or aminophenol compounds so readily oxidized by the peroxidases , nor will the peroxidases oxidize luciferin with light production . 
Dubois ' researches show that Pholas luciferase differs in some properties from Cypridina luciferase , and my own work indicates that firefly luciferase is more like that of Pholas . 
A comparative study of other species of luminous animals is needed in order to delimit more accurately the class of luciferases as a whole . 
Luciferin presents many characteristics in common with the proteins , but two , which , to say the least , throw doubt on its protein nature : ( 1 ) its peculiar solubility ( in alcohols , esters , and glacial acetic acid ) , ( 2 ) and its resistance to digestion by proteases , even by trypsin which has almost universal digestive action . 
These two peculiarities have been discussed above . 
We can only say that if a protein , luciferin must belong to a new group differing from known natural proteins in these respects . 
In general characteristics this new group would fall somewhere on the border - line between the proteoses and peptones . 
It would not be surprising to find in nature proteoses or peptones soluble in absolute alcohol . 
We know also that some NH - CO linkages of proteins are broken down with great difficulty by trypsin as it is difficult to obtain a tryptic digest of protein which does not give the biuret reaction , and the work of Fischer and Abderhalden has shown that certain artificial polypeptides are not digested by pure activated pancreatic juice . 
We have , then , three possibilities . 
Luciferin is ( 1 ) either a natural proteose not attacked by trypsin , or ( 2 ) if attacked by trypsin , its decomposition products ( presumably amino - acids ) still contain the group oxidizable with light production , or ( 3 ) it is not a protein at all . 
I believe that luciferin has too many protein characteristics to conform to the last possibility . 
I have been unable to oxidize with light production various mixtures of amino - acids ( from beef and casein ) by means of luciferase and consequently am led to believe that luciferin is a new natural proteose , soluble in absolute alcohol and not digested by trypsin . 
Dubois believes Pholas luciferin to be a natural albumin with acid properties . 
Cypridina luciferin could not possibly be regarded as an albumin , but it is very likely that the luciferins of different species of luminous animals differ in certain characteristics . 
As in the case of the luciferases , we know that the luciferins are not identical substances , and only future work can determine in what particulars they differ . 
A summary of the properties of Cypridina luciferin and Cypridina luciferase will be found in the tables accompanying this paper . 
1 . 
It is shown by volumetric analysis that on the alkaline side from its isoelectric point gelatin combines with cations only , but not with anions ; that on the more acid side from its isoelectric point it combines only with anions but not with cations ; and that at the isoelectric point , pH = 4 . 7 , it combines with neither anion nor cation . 
This confirms our statement made in a previous paper that gelatin can exist only as an anion on the alkaline side from its isoelectric point and only as a cation on the more acid side of its isoelectric point , and practically as neither anion nor cation at the isoelectric point . 
2 . 
Since at the isoelectric point gelatin ( and probably amphoteric colloids generally ) must give off any ion with which it was combined , the simplest method of obtaining amphoteric colloids approximately free from ionogenic impurities would seem to consist in bringing them to the hydrogen ion concentration characteristic of their isoelectric point ( i . e . , at which they migrate neither to the cathode nor anode of an electric field ) . 
3 . 
It is shown by volumetric analysis that when gelatin is in combination with a monovalent ion ( Ag , Br , CNS ) , the curve representing the amount of ion - gelatin formed is approximately parallel to the curve for swelling , osmotic pressure , and viscosity . 
This fact proves that the influence of ions upon these properties is determined by the chemical or stoichiometrical and not by the " colloidal " condition of gelatin . 
4 . 
The sharp drop of these curves at the isoelectric point finds its explanation in an equal drop of the water solubility of pure gelatin , which is proved by the formation of a precipitate . 
It is not yet possible to state whether this drop of the solubility is merely due to lack of ionization of the gelatin or also to the formation of an insoluble tautomeric or polymeric compound of gelatin at the isoelectric point . 
5 . 
On account of this sudden drop slight changes in the hydrogen ion concentration have a considerably greater chemical and physical effect in the region of the isoelectric point than at some distance from this point . 
This fact may be of biological significance since a number of amphoteric colloids in the body seem to have their isoelectric point inside the range of the normal variation of the hydrogen ion concentration of blood , lymph , or cell sap . 
6 . 
Our experiments show that while a slight change in the hydrogen ion concentration increases the water solubility of gelatin near the isoelectric point , no increase in the solubility can be produced by treating gelatin at the isoelectric point with any other kind of monovalent or polyvalent ion ; a fact apparently not in harmony with the adsorption theory of colloids , but in harmony with a chemical conception of proteins . 
1 . 
It has been shown in this paper that while non - ionized gelatin may exist in gelatin solutions on both sides of the isoelectric point ( which lies for gelatin at a hydrogen ion concentration of C ( H ) = 2 . 10 ( - 5 ) or pH = 4 . 7 ) , gelatin , when it ionizes , can only exist as an anion on the less acid side of its isoelectric point ( pH > 4 . 7 ) , as a cation only on the more acid side of its isoelectric point ( pH < 4 . 7 ) . 
At the isoelectric point gelatin can dissociate practically neither as anion nor as cation . 
2 . 
When gelatin has been transformed into sodium gelatinate by treating it for some time with M / 32 NaOH , and when it is subsequently treated with HCl , the gelatin shows on the more acid side of the isoelectric point effects of the acid treatment only ; while the effects of the alkali treatment disappear completely , showing that the negative gelatin ions formed by the previous treatment with alkali can no longer exist in a solution with a pH < 4 . 7 . 
When gelatin is first treated with acid and afterwards with alkali on the alkaline side of the isoelectric point only the effects of the alkali treatment are noticeable . 
3 . 
On the acid side of the isoelectric point amphoteric electrolytes can only combine with the anions of neutral salts , on the less acid side of their isoelectric point only with cations ; and at the isoelectric point neither with the anion nor cation of a neutral salt . 
This harmonizes with the statement made in the first paragraph , and the experimental results on the effect of neutral salts on gelatin published in the writer ' s previous papers . 
4 . 
The reason for this influence of the hydrogen ion concentration on the stability of the two forms of ionization possible for an amphoteric electrolyte is at present unknown . 
We might think of the possibility of changes in the configuration or constitution of the gelatin molecule whereby ionized gelatin can exist only as an anion on the alkaline side and as a cation on the acid side of its isoelectric point . 
5 . 
The literature of colloid chemistry contains numerous statements which if true would mean that the anions of neutral salts act on gelatin on the alkaline side of the isoelectric point , e . g .  the alleged effect of the Hofmeister series of anions on the swelling and osmotic pressure of common gelatin in neutral solutions , and the statement that both ions of a neutral salt influence a protein simultaneously . 
The writer has shown in previous publications that these statements are contrary to fact and based on erroneous methods of work . 
Our present paper shows that these claims of colloid chemists are also theoretically impossible . 
6 . 
In addition to other physical properties the conductivity of gelatin previously treated with acids has been investigated and plotted , and it was found that this conductivity is a minimum in the region of the isoelectric point , thus confirming the conclusion that gelatin can apparently not exist in ionized condition at that point . 
The conductivity rises on either side of the isoelectric point , but not symmetrically for reasons given in the paper . 
It is shown that the curves for osmotic pressure , viscosity , swelling , and alcohol number run parallel to the curve of the conductivity of gelatin when the gelatin has been treated with acid , supporting the view that these physical properties are in this case mainly or exclusively a function of the degree of ionization of the gelatin or gelatin salt formed . 
It is pointed out , however , that certain constitutional factors , e . g .  the valency of the ion in combination with the gelatin , may alter the physical properties of the gelatin ( osmotic pressure , etc . 
) without apparently altering its conductivity . 
This point is still under investigation and will be further discussed in a following publication . 
7 . 
It is shown that the isoelectric point of an amphoteric electrolyte is not only a point where the physical properties of an ampholyte experience a sharp drop and become a minimum , but that it is also a turning point for the mode of chemical reactions of the ampholyte . 
It may turn out that this chemical influence of the isoelectric point upon life phenomena overshadows its physical influence . 
8 . 
These experiments suggest that the theory of amphoteric colloids is in its general features identical with the theory of inorganic hydroxides ( e . g .  aluminum hydroxide ) , whose behavior is adequately understood on the basis of the laws of general chemistry . 
Sterile abscess formation in the dog is accompanied by a large increase in output of urinary nitrogen and also by a small but definite increase in the blood non - protein nitrogen . 
All this nitrogenous material of course is derived from body protein injury and autolysis . 
Septic inflammation in the dog ( pleurisy , pneumonia , peritonitis , etc . 
) likewise shows a distinct rise in the blood non - protein nitrogen . 
This rise is not often so great as that frequently observed in the intoxication of intestinal obstruction . 
Many acute infections in man ( septicemia , peritonitis , pneumonia , etc . 
) show a definite rise in the non - protein nitrogen and urea nitrogen of the blood ; some cases show a very great rise above normal ( over 100 mg . of non - protein nitrogen per 100 cc . 
of blood ) . 
There may be no anatomical change in the kidney beyond the familiar picture of cloudy swelling . 
This does not exclude the possibility of some transient functional derangement of the kidney epithelium . 
Certain obscure intoxications in man may show a considerable rise in the non - protein nitrogen of the blood , indicating a large amount of protein disintegration . 
These findings must be taken into account in any clinical analysis and interpretation of high non - protein nitrogen of the blood in pathological conditions . 
Sterile abscess , pleuritis , and pancreatitis give a clinical reaction in the experimental animal very like the same acute inflammatory processes due to bacterial activity , provided the bacterial agents are limited to the initial location . 
The curve of urinary nitrogen excretion in the fasting dog shows the same precipitous and sustained rise in sterile and bacterial inflammatory reactions . 
This indicates that the same type of protein injury and autolysis in the body is produced by the sterile inflammatory reaction as by the bacterial reaction . 
It is assumed that the primary effect of the chemical agent or of the bacterial growth in the tissues is local cell injury or necrosis . 
This injured cell protoplasm undergoes prompt autolysis with escape of toxic protein split products . 
These toxic protein split products may be , in part at least , of the proteose group and are absorbed into the circulation , producing the familiar general reaction . 
The injury of body protein is obvious from the great increase in elimination of nitrogen in the urine and appears to be the same in sterile and in bacterial inflammation . 
The injurious agent in the sterile inflammation must be derived from the host protein , and we may assume with safety that much of the injurious material emanating from a septic inflammation must come from the host protein rather than from the bacteria . 
Acute sterile pancreatitis is one of the purest examples of an acute non - specific reaction where the intensity of the host ' s intoxication may reach a maximum in 12 to 24 hours . 
We believe that fundamentally this reaction is very similar to that observed after the production of a sterile abscess or pleurisy . 
Non - specific intoxication must account for the sterile reactions described above . 
Septic inflammations show the same acute reaction and injury of body protein . 
The deduction is obvious - that a great part , at least , of the reaction in septic inflammation is truly non - specific and results from the primary injury of the host ' s protein and cell autolysis . 
The acute intoxication following an injection of a toxic proteose is usually associated with a large increase ( 40 per cent or more ) in the non - protein nitrogen of the blood . 
This increase is found chiefly in the blood urea nitrogen , but the amino and peptide nitrogens also may show small increases . 
The changes observed in the blood non - protein nitrogen are identical with those which follow the feeding of large amounts of meat ( 8 ) . 
These facts indicate that the proteose intoxication causes an abnormally rapid autodigestion of tissue proteins , but that the nitrogenous end - products are , in chief part at least , the same that result from normal catabolism of food proteins . 
There is no evidence that the autolytic products play any part in causing the intoxication . 
The possibility of such a part and a resultant vicious circle is not excluded , but from the available facts the autolysis appears more as a result rather than cause of the intoxication . 
It appears possible that in disease or intoxication tissue catabolism may be enormously accelerated and yet yield the end - products of normal protein metabolism . 
1 . 
The neutral fats , fatty acids , and lipoid bodies of serum seem to play no part in autodigestion . 
Neither the addition of fats or lipoids in excess to the serum , nor their removal by extraction with ether influences the phenomenon of autodigestion . 
2 . 
There is present in native serum an antienzymic substance which is closely related to the autolytic ferment of serum . 
3 . 
The antiseroprotease of normal serum has almost the same thermal resistance as the seroprotease ; that is , it survives heating at 55 degrees C . for 30 minutes but is completely inactivated at 60 degrees C . for the same length of time . 
4 . 
The ferment can be removed from the serum by means of inorganic adsorbents , but the antienzymic substance remains in the treated serum . 
5 . 
The autolytic power of the sera of man and other animals is much weaker than that of guinea pig serum , but they contain as much as does the latter of the antisubstance which inhibits the digestion of the activated guinea pig serum . 
6 . 
The autodigestion of the activated serum is due to the splitting of the serum protein by the proteolytic ferment of the same serum and is brought about by the destruction of the antienzymic substance by the chemical reagents . 
On the other hand , the digestion products in a mixture of a foreign substrate and guinea pig serum are derived from the direct digestion of the substrate by the serum ferment . 
This digestion takes place in spite of the presence of the antiseroprotease . 
The serum separated from the substrate can no longer produce a split product , but is as actively antienzymic as the original serum and undergoes autodigestion only when treated with acetone or other chemical activators . 
1 . 
The present work was undertaken to study the metabolism in the dog after a ureter - intestinal transplantation . 
Four dogs , Nos . 
I , 2 , 5 , and 7 , were originally operated upon . 
Two , Nos . 
2 and 7 , showed kidney infection ; the other two were not infected , and in these the metabolism was studied ; one of the latter ( No . 
1 ) showed marked hydronephrosis and hydroureter . 
2 . 
Both after the transplantation of the right ureter into the intestine and the ligation of the right ureter , there is generally a moderately increased output of nitrogen in the urine and , in the former instance especially , a retention of nitrogen in the blood , but no change in carbon dioxide content in the blood . 
The significance of this is probably an increased tissue catabolism , the cause of which is doubtful without further work . 
3 . 
After removal of the left kidney subsequent to transplantation of the right ureter into the duodenum , renal insufficiency and resulting retention developed . 
The non - protein and urea nitrogen in the blood steadily increased and the carbon dioxide content of the blood diminished to the level characteristic of a moderate acidosis . 
No ketones were found in the blood The dogs died 5 to 10 days after the nephrectomy under conditions characteristic of suspended renal activity - deep respiration , unconsciousness , and sopor . 
1 . 
In experimental nephritis caused by cantharidin , arsenic , diphtheria toxin , and potassium chromate , in addition to the retention of the non - protein and urea nitrogen and of the chlorides in blood , an acidosis occurs . 
2 . 
Sodium bicarbonate given by the stomach has the power of diminishing the acidosis in these types of nephritis . 
3 . 
The degree of increase in the non - protein and urea nitrogen content in the blood in mild nephritis varies considerably in different dogs receiving the same dose per kilo of a given poison . 
4 . 
Histological examination shows little if any influence resulting from the administration of sodium bicarbonate upon the grade of the nephritis induced by the poisons . 
That a definite change in the reactivity of the skin takes place during the transition from infancy to childhood has been repeatedly noted . 
Rolly ( 5 ) , working with a variety of bacterial toxins , found that infants did not react , but that reactions occurred with advancing age . 
Similarly Tenner ( 6 ) , using Witte ' s peptone , colon bacilli , and tuberculin observed that at about the period that the skin of children became increasingly sensitive to tuberculin , a corresponding reactivity was manifest toward the other antigens . 
It seems possible to us that this phenomenon is related to the alteration in the ferments of the skin that takes place during the transition period . 
Thus while the protease of the adult type of skin causes a definite autolysis , that of the fetal skin does not , the synthetic potential evidently predominating . 
Of greater significance seems to be the fact that the skin of the young animal contains peptidase to a considerable amount , while the adult skin seems to be without this ferment activity . 
If we assume that the disintegration of the native protein of the antigen is essential in eliciting certain skin tests , it would seem probable that the splitting would be less apt to take place in the young skin in which the lytic effects of the ferments are relatively suppressed . 
On the other hand , the young skin , containing peptidase , would be able to digest rapidly any antigen consisting of partially hydrolyzed proteins - as tuberculin - and in this way detoxicate and remove the noxious material . 
From these considerations the undoubted alteration of the skin reactivity taking place after infancy seems definitely correlated with changes in the proteolytic ferments . 
In how far they enter into and alter the specific reactions cannot be determined from the limited data so far available . 
Of the other ferments , the lipases , as pointed out by Porter , are possibly of importance in the resistance of the skin to tuberculous infection . 
It will be observed from the table that the activity of these skin ferments is less manifest in their action as esterases , on ethyl butyrate , than on the neutral fats used , oleic oil and butter fat , in this way differing from the activity of the serum . 
The relative resistance of the skin to tuberculous infection can , however , hardly be due to the activity of the lipase alone , for it must be kept in mind that the lepra bacillus , also rich in lipoids , is enabled to proliferate well within the epithelial tissues . 
The relation of two phenomena involved in the mechanism of recovery following protein shock therapy is shown in these experiments to be due to changes that concern the lymph rather than the serum . 
The first of these , the increase in the rate of flow of the lymph , has been suggested by Teague and McWilliams as a possible factor in recovery from infection when due to bacteria proliferating in the lymph spaces and inaccessible to the antibodies of the serum ( typhoid ) . 
By means of the protein shock , antibody - rich fluids ( serum ) are forced into the lymph channels . 
That the antibodies of the serum are augmented following the shock has been demonstrated by Culver ( 4 ) . 
With this possibility in mind it is to be expected that bacterial infection not confined to the lymph spaces will not be influenced by shock therapy to the same extent . 
How far this holds true we are unable to state , although von Decastello ( 5 ) has called attention to the fact that while he was able to cause rapid lysis or a crisis in typhoid patients following the shock reaction , the injection of a similar amount of vaccine in typhus fever was without effect . 
The second factor , the great increase in the antiferment , is clearly due to the amount of the antiferment entering the general circulation through the lymph stream . 
This accounts for the marked fluctuations observed in the titer of the serum antiferment in patients following protein shock . 
If , for instance , the original titer of the lymph is less than that of the blood , the first flushing of the lymphatic current into the blood channel will tend to lower the titer of the serum , but with the increased amount in the lymph after the shock the titer of the serum will also increase . 
Bacteria proliferate best where the antiferment is absent , as Wright ( 6 ) has noted in his studies on war wounds , a fact that is also commonly applied in bacteriological technique when we employ ascitic fluids , containing relatively little antiferment , preferably to serum , in culture media . 
The increased lymph flow that follows the shock reaction would have value then , not only in forcing specific antibodies into the lymph channels , but ' in increasing the antiferment there as well , which would aid in checking the growth of bacteria . 
1 . 
Rabbits in which a mild grade of glomerular damage has been produced by small doses of diphtheria toxin develop a severe glomerulonephritis corresponding to the extracapillary form described by Volhard and Fahr after inoculations with sublethal quantities of Bacillus coli . 
2 . 
Similar , though not completely identical lesions are produced when diphtheria toxin is followed by intravenous injections of Vaughan ' s split protein ( poisonous part ) of Bacillus coli . 
3 . 
The inference is drawn that under the experimental conditions described Bacillus coli undergoes bacteriolysis and produces glomerular lesions through the toxic groups contained within its protein molecule . 
Sodium stearate has no effect upon the bacteriological condition of a wound , but the addition of 4 parts per 1 , 000 of chloramine - T renders it antiseptic . 
Experiment I enabled us to compare the action of sodium stearate alone with that of sodium stearate containing 4 parts per 1 , 000 of chloramine - T . 
Wounds which had been previously sterilized could be maintained in an aseptic condition by 4 parts per 1 , 000 of chloramine - T , although in some cases reinfection occurred ( Experiments 2 , 3 , and 5 ) . 
For this reason the concentration of chloramine - T was increased . 
Surface wounds , deep - seated wounds , and osseous cavities , which had previously been either completely or almost completely sterilized , could be maintained for days and even weeks in a condition of surgical asepsis by the use of a paste containing 7 and 10 parts per 1 , 000 of chloramine - T . 
Experiments 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , and 12 are examples of this . 
Slightly infected wounds ( Experiments 9 , II , and 12 ) were sterilized in the same manner . 
Next , it was attempted to sterilize wounds which were suppurating and more or less infected , and in some cases accompanied by fracture . 
This attempt was probably successful because the wounds used for the experiments showed but slight quantities of secretions and only a shallow layer of necrotic tissue . 
It is useless to attempt to sterilize severely infected wounds with a paste , for the volume of chloramine - T that can be applied is too limited . 
A large volume of an active substance is required to sterilize a wound which secretes great quantities of pus , for owing , on the one hand , to the dilution of this substance with the secretions , and , on the other , to its combination with the proteins contained in the pus , the concentration of the antiseptic is rapidly diminished . 
For these reasons it is essential that the antiseptic solution should be constantly renewed , so that the concentration may be sufficiently strong to effect the destruction of the bacteria . 
Therefore , the chloramine - T paste cannot sterilize a severely infected wound . 
The concentration of the active substance contained in a paste must at the same time be sufficiently weak to be innocuous to the tissues . 
We have seen that it should not exceed 15 parts per 1 , 000 . 
Thus , it is evident that if the secretions from the wounds are abundant , the substance could exert its action upon the microorganisms for the space of only a few hours . 
For this reason the chloramine paste should only be applied under the conditions specified in our experiments ; that is , in connection with moderately infected wounds which have been carefully washed with sodium oleate , and possess but slight quantities of secretion . 
Under these conditions , the chloramine paste effects the complete disappearance of the bacteria and maintains the sterility thus secured for as long a time as may be wished . 
If the technique followed in the dressing is not exactly as above described , reinfection will occur . 
If applied in this manner the chloramine paste is not injurious to the tissues , for the cicatrization curves of the wounds thus treated show but slight modification from the calculated curves . 
Chloramine paste makes it possible , therefore , to keep wounds sufficiently free from microorganisms so that the effect of substances which are believed to influence cicatrization can be studied . 
1 . 
In these studies several phases of the predpitm reactions were investigated by the use of purified proteins as antigens . 
These preparations were edestin from hemp - seed and crystalline ovalbumin from fresh eggs . 
The ovalbumin , isolated by the method of Hopkins and Pinkus , . was apparently as pure as is obtainable by chemical means . 
This albumin , however , produced moderately severe anaphylactic reactions in animals sensitized with ovoglobulin . 
Anaphylactic tests of the individuality of a protein cannot be any longer regarded as the criterion of the purity of the substance as an antigen . 
Wells and Osborne have shown that proteins of considerable chemical difference may have a common antigenic group which causes mutual anaphylactic reactions in animals sensitized to these proteins . 
In particular , as egg globulin is a mixture of proteins , one of which is undoubtedly egg albumin , anaphylaxis produced by injections of albumin into animals sensitized to the so called globulin offers no evidence for or against the purity of the albumin . 
The character of the curves shown in Text - fig . 
1 confirms the assumption , based upon chemical data , that crystalline egg albumin is a single protein . 
2 . 
With edestin and crystalline egg albumin as antigens phases in the precipitin reaction were found in which these substances and their specific precipitins could be demonstrated to be coexistent but ununited in the same serum . 
3 . 
When edestin or crystalline egg albumin is injected into a rabbit immunized thereto , the antigen may be found in the circulating blood during 48 hours after its injection , while at the same time the animal maintains a high titer of free precipitin in its blood . 
4 . 
When the pure protein antigen is mixed in proper proportions with the serum of a specifically immunized rabbit and the resulting precipitate removed by centrifugation , the supernatant fluid contains both antigen and antibody . 
5 . 
The serum drawn from a rabbit during the period in which free antigen and antibody are coexistent in the circulation undergoes slow spontaneous precipitation when kept in sterile tubes in the ice box . 
The curve of this reaction is reproduced as Text - fig . 
1 . 
The relationships of the parabola indicate that the interaction of antigen and antibody takes place according to a definite law . 
When sufficient quantitative data are obtained to allow an analysis of this curve , the formulas for this reaction will undoubtedly throw light upon the chemical or physical nature of the process . 
6 . 
The protective action of the solution of egg albumin as a third colloid preventing precipitation in a reaction between human serum and its antibody was readily demonstrated . 
This observation and the constancy of the long prozone in precipitin test with egg albumin are in accord with the protective action of ovalbumin upon colloidal gold . 
Two additional cultures of globoid bodies , obtained from the nervous tissues of monkeys in which experimental poliomyelitis was produced , and identical with the original cultures described by Flexner and Noguchi , are reported in this paper . 
The highly parasitic cultures , like Treponema pallidum , are refractory to artificial cultivation . 
After long cultivation outside the body , the globoid bodies acquire saprophytic properties and then grow more readily and in a considerable variety of media , provided , however , that they carry a certain quantity of protein matter not denatured . 
The rabbit responds slightly with the production of antibodies to the injection of cultures of the globoid bodies . 
The monkey responds only occasionally under the same conditions and apparently only when the cultures are injected into the central nervous system . 
This response is small and at most leads to slight reactions of agglutination and complement deviation with the cultures . 
The serum obtained from monkeys recovered from experimental poliomyelitis shows even less agglutination and no complement deviation . 
The maximal agglutinative and morphological changes produced in the globoid bodies cultivated in immune monkey serum are obtained in the first generation ; after several subcultures in the immune serum , the reversion to normal takes place in one generation in a non - immune medium . 
The serum of human beings in the acute or early subacute stages of poliomyelitis gives no complement deviation with the antigen derived from the globoid bodies . 
The cultivation of the saprophytized globoid bodies through several generations in immune monkey or human serum did not confer upon them pathogenic properties for monkeys . 
The serum of human beings and monkeys which have survived attacks of poliomyelitis does not fix complement in the presence of antigens prepared from organs of the monkey succumbing to the experimental disease . 
The globoid bodies and Treponema pallidum present many analogies in cultural , immunological , and pathogenic properties . 
Dogs with isolated loops of small intestine show many evidences of intoxication . 
A study of the total nitrogen elimination shows a great rise above the normal base - line minimum of the fasting period ( Table II ) . 
This means that the intoxication is associated with a great destruction of body protein , and explains the high non - protein nitrogen of the blood which was observed and reported previously ( 2 ) . 
Injection of a proteose obtained from a closed intestinal loop will cause a similar rise in the nitrogen elimination curve . 
This furnishes more evidence that the intoxication observed in association with a closed intestinal loop is in reality a proteose intoxication . 
Dogs injected with sublethal doses of proteose will show a definite tolerance to subsequent injection , and will show much less acute intoxication after the isolation of a closed intestinal loop ( Table 1 ) . 
These immune or tolerant dogs show a much less pronounced rise in the nitrogen elimination curve during proteose intoxication of any type . 
This indicates that the tolerance or immunity to proteose gives more protection for the body proteins against the injury which these toxic proteoses inflict upon the body cells . 
Complete duodenal obstruction combined with a gastrojejunostomy gives a chronic type of intestinal obstruction associated with little vomiting , which is peculiarly suited to metabolism study ( Table IV ) . 
Such duodenal obstructions show a definite and sustained rise in the curve of nitrogen elimination above the normal base - line level . 
These dogs , too , are tolerant to injections of standard toxic proteoses . 
Control ether anesthesia experiments show little if any rise in the curve of nitrogen elimination ( Table VI ) . 
Control laparotomy experiments show a definite rise in the curve of nitrogen elimination , but a rise which is small compared with the rise noted in the intoxication of duodenal obstruction or of isolated intestinal loops . 
It is probable that the tissue injury and disintegration associated with the wound reaction are responsible for the general reaction . 
We may assume that protein split products from the wound area are absorbed and are responsible for the general reaction observed . 
We propose to assume that the intoxications here studied are associated with a definite proteose intoxication , which is capable of initiating and continuing a profound injury of tissue protein . 
One index of this protein injury is the great and sustained rise in the curve of total nitrogen elimination . 
Proteose injections in dogs cause vomiting , diarrhea , temperature reactions , low blood pressure , prostration , and , after large doses , an excess of antithrombin with incoagulable blood . 
A single proteose injection , for example one - half a lethal dose , causes abrupt clinical reactions in a normal dog with apparent complete recovery within 24 to 48 hours . 
The nitrogen elimination curve in a fasting dog under such conditions shows a great rise in total urinary nitrogen . 
The apex of the curve usually falls during the second 24 hour period following the injection . 
This rise may be over 100 per cent increase above the mean base - line nitrogen level . 
It does not fall promptly to normal but declines slowly in 3 to 5 days or more toward the original base - line ( Text - fig . 
1 ) . 
This speaks for a definite cell injury with destruction of considerable protein substance due to a single proteose injection . 
The disturbance of cell equilibrium is not rapidly or promptly restored to normal . 
A dog which has received previous proteose injections is partially immune or tolerant to subsequent injections of proteose . 
These dogs , as a rule , show less intense clinical reactions and less rise in the curve of nitrogen elimination following a unit dose of standard proteose as compared with normal or non - immune controls . 
The proteose used in these experiments was prepared as described from material obtained in cases of intestinal obstruction or of closed intestinal loops . 
These experiments explain the sharp rise in blood non - protein nitrogen which follows within a few hours the injection of a toxic proteose . 
They also point to the correct explanation of the high non - protein nitrogen of the blood found in intestinal obstruction or with closed intestinal loops . 
Various carbohydrates have been added to the fluid cultures of different strains of spirochetes in order to determine the behavior of the latter toward the carbohydrates . 
In the present experiment , amygdalin , arabinose , beerwort , dextrin , galactose , glycogen , glucose , inulin , lactose , levulose , maltose , mannite , raffinose , saccharose , and starch were tested with seven strains of Treponema pallidum and one strain each of Treponema calligyrum , Treponema microdentium , Treponema mucosum , and Spirochata refringens . 
The results may be summarized as follows : 1 . 
In the media containing glycogen and glucose , Treponema microdentium did not grow as vigorously as in other sugar media , and an earlier degeneration set in . 
One strain of the pallidum and the calligyrum and mucosum showed a poor growth in the glycogen medium . 
Similarly , there was little growth in the second transfer of these spirochetes in the glucose medium . 
The growth of the spirochetes in the media containing carbohydrates other than those Just mentioned was generally good , and no difference could be distinguished between these and the control cultures without any carbohydrate . 
The only phenomenon which might be interpreted as indicating a favorable influence of these media upon growth was the abundant growth of the mucosum , which showed uniform length , regular curves , and active motility somewhat better than in the sugar - free medium . 
2 . 
The height of acidity was found in the cultures containing glycogen and glucose in the microdentium , amounting to 0 . 1 N 4 . 8 cc . 
for 10 cc . 
of the fluid culture . 
In the other sugar media the acidity varied between 0 . 1 N 2 cc . 
and 0 . 1 N 3 . 2 cc . 
for the same amount . 
In the control cultures , the acidity fluctuated from 0 . 1 N 0 . 8 cc . 
to 0 . 1 N 2 cc . 
There was no visible alteration in the appearance of the media after the spirochetes had grown for 3 or 4 weeks . 
In the case of Treponema microdenlium , a slight opalescence developed in the glycogen and glucose media after several weeks ' standing , but there was no precipitation or coagulation of the proteins of the culture media . 
3 . 
There was no unusual morphological change in the spirochetes grown in the media containing any of the carbohydrates employed . 
The only phenomena which should be mentioned are ( a ) the frequent presence of the terminal appendages ( or projections ) in the refringens , and in most of the pallidum strains , and ( b ) the appearance of minute , retractile spherical bodies along the side of the spirochetes in the microdenlium cultivated in the glucose or glycogen media . 
Judging from the earlier degeneration of the species in the above mentioned media , these peculiar bodies may be interpreted as indicating a phase of plasmoptysis associated with the unfavorable surroundings prior to degeneration . 
Experimental evidence was not found for considering these spherules as a resistant or spore form of the spirochete . 
1 . 
A toxic constituent is present in the fresh pancreas of dogs before trypsinogen can have been activated . 
2 . 
The toxic fraction is present in the beta - nucleoprotein , and therefore is thermostable . 
3 . 
It is gradually destroyed by autolysis but can be obtained in concentrated form from a gland which has autolyzed 24 hours . 
4 . 
The toxic material is probably protein in nature . 
5 . 
Intravenous or intraperitoneal injection of from 0 . 05 to O . I gm . 
per kilo of body weight is usually fatal and elicits in dogs symptoms comparable to those of spontaneous hemorrhagic necrosis of the pancreas . 
6 . 
Dog pancreas differs from that of beef or pig in that guanylic acid and toxic protein combined with it are slowly broken down by autolysis . 
7 . 
After autolysis of dog pancreas the toxic protein and guanylic acid may be separated and obtained in relatively pure form . 
The intoxication which develops as the result of a simple obstruction or a closed intestinal loop is accompanied by definite changes in the coagulable proteins of the blood serum . 
These changes consist essentially in an alteration in the normal albumin - globulin ratio ; the globulin fraction is greatly increased and at times the normal relation of the two fractions may show a complete inversion . 
The increase in the globulin content of the blood serum is most marked in the animals which show some of the complications met with in loop animals , - rupture of the loop and peritonitis . 
In the latter conditions especially , the globulin increase is rapid and large . 
We believe this reaction to be of diagnostic value in acute infections attended by the sudden liberation and absorption of a toxic exudate . 
Infections and intoxications produced by inflammatory irritants are also accompanied by a rise in the blood globulins . 
This observation suggests that tissue disintegration with absorption of toxic products is responsible for the changes noted , and that bacterial invasion is important only in as far as it gives rise to toxic substances . 
Animals which have developed a tolerance to proteose intoxication following the periodic injection of small doses of proteose do not show a globulin increase . 
These experiments do not support the view that the rise in globulins observed in these experimental conditions is an expression of a resistance or tolerance developed by the animal . 
From the experimental evidence it seems more probable that the alteration in the partition of the blood protein fractions is one of the results of the metabolic disturbance which has been shown to occur in these conditions . 
Summing up these results , we found that all the ten alpha - amino - acids used inhibited the growth of the cells and finally killed the cultures . 
This inhibition is preceded by a short period of activity . 
The typical effect on the cells is shown in Figs . 
1 and 2 . 
The first ( Fig . 
1 ) is a control culture showing the usual growth of cells and their typical spindle shape form . 
The second ( Fig . 
2 ) is a culture in plasma plus asparagine showing the cells rounded off and beginning to undergo dissolution . 
We do not wish to draw too extensive conclusions from these experiments , but we believe that toxicity of alpha - amino - acids towards growing cells has been shown beyond a reasonable doubt ; while we have found that compounds of higher molecular weight , namely , the peptones of egg yolk and proteins , are non - toxic . 
This toxicity depends upon the concentration and the time that the cells are exposed to their action . 
As these factors are reduced , the toxicity is decreased . 
In this respect , these substances are similar to all cell poisons . 
Applying these results to the work done on the intravenous injection of digestion mixtures , we believe that we have found a reason for the death of the experimental animals when the hydrolyzed proteins were injected too rapidly . 
Buglia found that large amounts of alpha - amino - acids could be injected into the circulation without causing deep - seated changes in the renal and intestinal functions , provided they were injected slowly enough ; in fact , that enough of these mixtures could be injected in this way to cover the nitrogen consumption of the body . 
This injection , however , was always accompanied by an alpha - amino excretion through the urine and an increase of the peristalsis , of the intestine , with resultant liquid stools . 
As is well known , a sudden great concentration of these substances in the blood of an animal causes death . 
These results agree with our findings Folin and Denis demonstrated the fact that alpha - amino - acids probably pass into the circulation through the intestines . 
Van Slyke and Meyer , by means of Van Slyke ' s nitrogen method , have practically proven this , and Abel , Rowntree , and Turner , and Abderhalden have lately succeeded in obtaining alpha - amino - acids in crystalline form from the blood . 
Van Slyke and Meyer have shown that the tissues take up alpha - amino - acids to a certain point , but that after this the limit of saturation is reached . 
This is not so in the liver , which continually desaturates itself by metabolizing the alpha - amino - acids that it has absorbed , and consequently maintains indefinitely its power of removing them from the circulation , as long as they enter it no faster than the liver can metabolize them . 
Marshall and Rowntree have shown that there is an increase of the alpha - amino - acid concentration in the blood after injuries to the liver , which have caused deep - seated anatomical changes . 
Our experiments prove that tissue cells in general are unable to live in the presence of any great concentration of these acids . 
At the present time we do not feel able to give an explanation of the significance of this evident toxicity . 
However , the fact in itself seems to indicate that we should expect stimulation from a certain increase of the alpha - amino - acid concentration in the body , or the concentration of any one of the acids , while a greater increase would lead to marked disturbances of the metabolism . 
The fact that the coagulative principle is closely associated with the euglobulin fraction of the blood is of clinical as well as of theoretical interest . 
It enables us to prepare a hemostatic containing about 2 per cent of protein which is more potent than the whole serum containing 6 to 7 per cent of protein . 
A preparation of this kind has been made in this laboratory from horse serum and employed during the past few months in numerous cases of bleeding . 
This euglobulin is absolutely sterile , as it has been passed through a Berkefeld filter , and is safeguarded against decomposition by the addition of 0 . 3 per cent tricresol . 
A detailed account of the therapeutic use of euglobulin will be reported elsewhere . 
It may be stated , however , that it has been employed in the various manifestations of intractable hemorrhage in which horse serum has been so largely resorted to of late years , and that in certain cases has seemed to bring about most satisfactory results ; in no instance has there been any untoward effect . 
When intravenous injections are resorted to , euglobulin seems to be preferable to serum which contains fully three times the quantity of protein . 
It also seems to be absorbed more quickly from the subcutaneous tissues . 
In all probability it will be found to meet the same indications as whole serum , possessing the advantages of concentration , and necessitating the introduction into the body of a much smaller amount of foreign protein . 
The progress of an infection is usually associated with marked changes in the serum proteins . 
There may be an increase in the percentage of the total protein during some stage of the infection , and there is usually a change in the albumin - globulin ratio with an increase in the total globulins . 
This rise may antedate the development of any resistance by a considerable period of time . 
The non - protein constituents of the blood show fluctuations with a tendency to rise as the infection progresses . 
The process of immunization is in almost all instances associated with a definite increase in the globulins of the blood , and in some cases with a complete inversion of the normal albumin - globulin ratio . 
This may be produced both by living and dead organisms and by bacterial endotoxins . 
Massive doses usually result in an upset which shows no tendency to right itself during the period of observation . 
A rise in the globulins has been shown to occur long before the animal develops immune bodies in any appreciable concentration ; and where the globulin curve and antibody curve appear to parallel one another , it can be shown by a careful analysis of both curves that there is a definite lack of correspondence at various periods of the experiment . 
Animals possessing a basic immunity show a more rapid rise in the globulin curve following inoculation . 
There is no parallelism between the leukocytic reaction and the globulin reaction . 
During periods of leukopenia the globulins may be as high as during the period of a leukocytosis . 
Bacterial endotoxins produce as striking an increase in the serum globulins as do living and killed bacteria . 
This would seem to indicate that a bacterial invasion of the organism is not absolutely essential for the globulin changes , and that the toxogenic factor in infection and immunity must play a part in the production of the changes noted . 
Inflammatory irritants injected intraperitoneally also result in a globulin increase . 
In this case the changes produced may best be explained by the toxogenic effect produced by the protein split products resulting from the inflammatory condition . 
Intraperitoneal injections of killed bacteria give rise to a more rapid increase in the serum globulins . 
The rapidity of the response following intraperitoneal as compared with intravenous injections doubtless stands in intimate relationship to the neutralizing power possessed by the blood serum and perhaps to the more extensive surface of absorption following injection by the intraperitoneal route . 
1 . 
In experimental wounds , made by removing various sized pieces of skin from the frog , there is a rapid coagulation of the blood plasma and lymph to form a coagulation tissue which fills the wound cavity . 
2 . 
The observations on the living animals show that the coagulation a grave intoxication , but a low reading may be observed in some fatal cases and gives no assurance that a fatal intoxication may not supervene . 
The kidneys in practically all these experiments are normal in all respects . 
It is possible that protein or tissue destruction rather than impaired eliminative function is responsible for the rise in non - coagulable nitrogen of the blood in these acute intoxications . 
Transfusions of dextrose solutions often benefit intestinal obstruction , and may depress the level of the non - coagulable nitrogen in the blood . 
Some cases show no change in non - coagulable nitrogen following transfusions and diuresis , and , as a rule , such cases present the most severe intoxication . 
Intestinal obstruction , as a rule , is associated with an increasing amount of non - coagulable nitrogen in the blood . 
With acute intoxication the rise in non - coagulable nitrogen may be rapid and reach as high as three or even ten times normal . 
With more chronic intoxication there may be little or no rise in the blood non - coagulable nitrogen . 
Closed intestinal loops show exactly the same picture , and , when combined with obstruction , may give very high nitrogen readings . 
Acute proteose intoxication due to injection of a pure proteose will show a prompt rise in blood non - coagulable nitrogen , even an increase of 100 per cent within 3 or 4 hours . 
These intoxications also show a high blood content of creatinine and urea . 
The residual or undetermined nitrogen may be very high . 
A human case of intestinal obstruction with autopsy presents blood findings exactly similar to those observed in many animal experiments . 
Clinically the non - coagulable nitrogen of the blood may give information of value in intestinal obstruction . 
A high reading means a grave intoxication , but a low reading may be observed in some fatal cases and gives no assurance that a fatal intoxication may not supervene . 
The kidneys in practically all these experiments are normal in all respects . 
It is possible that protein or tissue destruction rather than impaired eliminative function is responsible for the rise in non - coagulable nitrogen of the blood in these acute intoxications . 
Transfusions of dextrose solutions often benefit intestinal obstruction , and may depress the level of the non - coagulable nitrogen in the blood . 
Some cases show no change in non - coagulable nitrogen following transfusions and diuresis , and , as a rule , such cases present the most severe intoxication . 
The extension of the study of the quaternary salts of hexamethylenetetramine to those obtained by the addition of this base to the most varied types of substances containing aliphatically bound halogen has demonstrated that the introduction of the hexamethylenetetramine nucleus in this manner results in the production of bactericidal substances or enhances the bactericidal action if already present . 
In particular it was found possible by the use of the halogenacetyl group , XCH ( 2 ) CO , as a connecting link , to furnish primary and secondary aliphatic and aromatic amines , alcohols , and hydrocarbons of the most varied character with the hexamethylenetetramine molecule and to study the relation between chemical constitution and bactericidal action in the series of substances so prepared . 
Because of the variety of chemical types studied , the results are too involved for a detailed summary here . 
Many of the substances were found to be very powerful bactericides , and in a number of instances derivatives of purely aliphatic nature were found to possess an unusual bactericidal power . 
Bacillus typhosus , streptococcus , meningococcus , and gonococcus were the microorganisms used for the tests , and striking instances of partial specificity were observed . 
This specificity was found to favor not one species alone , but instances were found in which each of the types of bacilli was shown to be especially susceptible to one or another of the particular types of compound employed . 
The source of this partial specificity is to be sought not in the hexamethylenetetramine nucleus itself but in the molecule to which it is attached . 
The action of some of the substances was tested in the presence of serum or protein and was found to be not at all or only slightly inhibited . 
In other cases marked inhibition occurred . 
The factors controlling the serum - or protein - compatibility of these substances are likewise to be sought in that portion of the molecule other than the hexamethylenetetramine . 
1 . 
The serum changes observed during acute experimental pancreatitis indicate that the shock and death are due to an intoxication from protein split products , and not to an intoxication from pure tryptic ferment . 
2 . 
When the pancreatitis is produced by the injection of an anti - proteolytic substance ( sodium oleate ) , the degree of intoxication bears no relation to the degree of tissue destruction . 
3 . 
The increase in serum antiferment apparently favors the recovery of the animal . 
Such foreign proteins as horse serum and egg - white in the amounts employed in these experiments do not produce evidences of intoxication immediately after injection into rabbits . 
Single large injections do , however , produce changes in the parenchymatous organs after a period often to twenty - one days . 
These develop at the time or immediately after the animal has formed antibodies for the foreign proteins . 
The mechanism of the development of the lesions in the myocardium , liver , and kidneys of rabbits is thus the same , whether a single inoculation is given or whether repeated inoculations are made in sensitized animals . 
By the latter method , however , much more marked and extensive changes may be produced . 
1 . 
The intravenous injection of killed organisms is followed by the mobilization of a non - specific protease and lipase ; the rapidity and extent of this reaction depend upon the toxicity of the organism and on the resistance of the organism to proteolysis . 
2 . 
The temperature and leucocytic curve bear no relation to the ferment changes . 
3 . 
The serum antiferment is usually increased after the injection . 
4 . 
Of the organisms studied , the typhoid bacilli produced the most marked ferment changes , and the tubercle bacilli the least . 
5 . 
The toxicity of the dried organisms cannot depend wholly upon proteolysis in vivo , but must depend in part on the preformed toxic substances liberated on lysis . 
6 . 
Serum protease should not be considered as the sole exciter of intoxication through the production of protein split products ; it seems possible that its function may in part be one of detoxication . 
1 . 
In dogs the toxic effect of primary proteoses is usually associated with the following serum changes : ( a ) an increase in serum antiferment , with a following fall in titer ; ( b ) some increase in serum protease ; ( c ) an increase in serum lipase ; ( d ) a decrease in serum proteoses and amino nitrogen . 
2 . 
Secondary proteoses produce ( a ) less marked changes in the antiferment titer ; ( b ) a marked increase in serum protease ; ( c ) an increase in serum proteoses ; ( d ) only a slight change in serum lipase ; ( e ) a primary decrease in amino nitrogen . 
3 . 
The peptone which we have used ( prepared from dog muscle ) caused ( a ) a change in antiferment titer similar to that produced by the primary proteoses ; ( b ) a marked increase in serum protease ; ( c ) only a slight increase in serum lipase ; ( d ) a primary decrease in proteoses , followed by an increase later ; ( e ) an increase in amino - acids . 
4 . 
A very small dose of peptone resulted in a decrease in antiferment titer , together with a primary decrease in serum protease . 
5 . 
The peptone preparation was non - toxic when introduced into the stomach or rectum , while the intestinal injection was followed by an immediate intoxication . 
1 . 
The intoxication produced by the intravenous injection of inert substances such as kaolin is due to protein split products derived from the serum proteins . 
2 . 
The kaolin acts as an adsorbing medium for the serum antiferment , bringing about an alteration in the ferment - antiferment balance . 
3 . 
The intoxication is accompanied by an increase in serum protease , and of proteoses . 
4 . 
The serum lipase , the amino - acids , and the total non - coagulable nitrogen show relatively little change . 
5 . 
The antiferment shows an initial increase , followed by a loss . 
1 . 
The serum ferments are practically unaltered by a primary injection of foreign protein . 
2 . 
During the course of sensitization the injection of the antigen is followed by the mobilization of a non - specific protease which increases in rapidity and intensity as the maximum period of sensitization is reached . 
3 . 
Acute shock is accompanied by : ( a ) The instantaneous mobilization of a large amount of non - specific protease ; ( b ) a decrease in antiferment ; ( c ) an increase in non - coagulable nitrogen of the serum ; ( d ) an increase in amino - acids ; ( e ) a primary decrease in serum proteoses . 
4 . 
Later there is a progressive increase in the non - coagulable nitrogen , in proteoses , and in serum lipase . 
5 . 
The acute intoxication is brought about by the cleavage of serum proteins ( and proteoses ) through the peptone stage by a non - specific protease . 
6 . 
The specific elements lie in the rapid , mobilization of this ferment and the colloidal serum changes which bring about the change in antiferment titer . 
1 . 
We have confirmed the results of previous workers on tetrachlorphthalein , fibrinogen , and lipase . 
2 . 
The total non - protein nitrogen , urea , and amino - acids of the blood serum show a definite and sometimes marked increase in phosphorus poisoning . 
These changes are not so evident in chloroform poisoning , although they sometimes occur . 
They are usually terminal phenomena . 
3 . 
The urinary nitrogen partition between the urea , ammonia , and amino - acids is not always disturbed . 
The most important changes which occur are an increased amino nitrogen in chloroform and phosphorus poisoning , and a very low urea nitrogen percentage in severe fatal chloroform poisoning . 
4 . 
Sugar tolerance towards galactose and levulose is in general markedly decreased in both types of poisoning . 
5 . 
In phosphorus poisoning liver functional changes can and do occur without concomitant renal changes . 
Renal insufficiency usually arises as a terminal event . 
6 . 
Increased nitrogenous products in the blood ( total non - protein nitrogen , urea , and amino nitrogen ) are associated with an increase of these bodies in the urine . 
Consequently , an increased protein catabolism , as well as renal insufficiency , is necessary to explain this accumulation . 
7 . 
A terminal acidosis , as evidenced by increased hydrogen ion concentration in the blood , usually occurs . 
1 . 
The protective substances contained in specific precipitates from antipneumococcus serum can be extracted by suitable chemical and physical agents , dilute sodium carbonate at 42 degrees C . being especially advantageous as an extractive agent . 
2 . 
The resulting water - clear extracts , when made up to the original volume of the serum used for precipitation , protect animals almost as well as does the whole serum . 
3 . 
The bacterial extracts used in precipitating the protective substances from the serum act specifically ; that is , a bacterial extract of pneumococcus of Type I removes the protective substances from a Type I immune serum only . 
4 . 
In a polyvalent serum of Type I and Type II , the protective substances of each type may be removed independently of each other by the successive addition of the homologous antigens . 
5 . 
Extracts of specific serum precipitates contain only one - fiftieth to one - sixtieth of the protein in the original serum , and about one - half the protein of the whole precipitate . 
6 . 
Extracts contain not only protective substances but agglutinins and precipitins . 
7 . 
Extracts and whole precipitates not only confer passive immunity but stimulate the production of active immunity to pneumococcus infection in rabbits and mice . 
We have attempted to discover whether or not certain protein materials , such as albumose , casein , and albumen , when introduced parenterally ( peritoneally ) into experimental animals , are able to produce organic lesions . 
These proteins were used alone or in combination with chloroform , which was administered in oil and as an anesthetic . 
Our results were negative . 
1 . 
The union of fresh serum of pregnant or immunized animals with the corresponding boiled protein ( substratum ) is accompanied by the formation of poisonous substances . 
2 . 
The poison originates from the serum as a result of its autodigestion , and not from the substratum . 
3 . 
The process of autodigestion may be determined by the specific or non - specific removal of the antitrypsin of the serum . 
4 . 
The poisons originating from the serum are toxic only for homologous animals . 
5 . 
The autodigestion of the serum , if allowed to proceed far enough , may go beyond the toxic stage . 
6 . 
The biological properties of these poisons indicate their close similarity to the anaphylatoxin , and suggest that the anaphylatoxin of Friedberger is a product of the autodigestion of serum , and not of the protein outside of the serum . 
The addition of a water - clear extract of pneumococci to homologous antiserum produces a voluminous precipitate which carries down with it the agglutinins and practically the totality of the protective bodies against pneumococcus infection in animals . 
This precipitate when washed and resuspended in saline solution to the original volume of serum protects as well as the whole serum . 
The protein content of such solutions has varied from 0 . 09 to 0 . 34 per cent . , as contrasted with about 6 per cent . 
in the original serum . 
The solution of this precipitate is not necessary to insure protection , and when produced by dilute alkali ( sodium hydrate ) frequently destroys the immune bodies . 
1 . 
Normal serum protease is not specific ; it is active in both dilute acid as well as alkaline media . 
It is destroyed by heating to 70 degrees C . for thirty minutes . 
It is markedly impaired when heated at 56 degrees C . for thirty minutes . 
It is inhibited by the unsaturated soaps and lipoids . 
2 . 
Guinea pig and rabbit serum contain relatively much protease ; the leucocytes are without proteolytic ferments . 
3 . 
Normal human and dog serum contain little or no protease ; the leucocytes are strongly proteolytic . 
4 . 
Serum complement and protease are not identical . 
5 . 
During various pathological conditions the non - specific protease is increased in both human and dog serum . 
6 . 
An increase in antiferment is in many instances coincident . 
7 . 
During the Abderhalden reaction the placental tissue becomes more resistant to enzyme action , because of the adsorption of the antiferment from the serum . 
8 . 
The dialyzed serum loses antiferment because of adsorption by the placental tissue or other adsorbing substances , including probably the dialyzing membrane . 
9 . 
The digestive substrate is the serum protein made available for protease action by the adsorption of the antiferment . 
10 . 
The proteases in pathological conditions investigated by us ( pregnancy , tuberculosis , and pneumonia ) are non - specific . 
1 . 
Intact bacteria probably resist tryptic digestion because of the absence of an exposed protein substrate . 
2 . 
Dried organisms resist digestion in a degree proportional to their content of unsaturated lipoids . 
3 . 
Lipoidal extractives reduce the resistance to tryptic digestion . 
4 . 
The extracted lipoids ( saponified ) are antitryptic in a degree proportional to their unsaturation . 
5 . 
The inactivation of the antiferment in Gram - negative organisms is probably due to changes in the degree of lipoidal dispersion . 
6 . 
Bacteria adsorb lipoids from the serum when incubated at 37 degrees C . Such organisms when dried are found to be more resistant to tryptic digestion than untreated organisms . 
Our experiments have shown definitely that guinea pigs , once injected with sublethal doses of bacterial proteotoxins ( anaphylatoxins ) , acquire distinct tolerance to these poisons . 
The degree to which such resistance or tolerance is developed is never very high , in no case in our experiments exceeding the ability to withstand one and one half to twice the fatal dose of the poisons . 
During the three or four days immediately following the first injection the animals appear to be slightly less resistant than are normal controls , this depending probably upon the in jury done by the administered poison . 
Tolerance begins to be evident after from four to seven days , seems to be most highly developed in about two weeks , but lasts in a diminishing degree for at least as long as sixty days . 
Our experience , in this respect , with the poisons resulting from the contact of active serum and bacteria is similar to that of Vaughan with the toxic protein split products obtained by chemical methods . 
The development of increased resistance definitely established , the questions immediately arise : ( 1 ) Is this tolerance specific ? 
And ( 2 ) can it be passively transferred , with the serum , to a normal animal ? 
We have begun to seek answers for these problems but as yet our data are too meager to permit definite conclusions . 
The significance of the existence of higher resistance in animals treated with proteotoxins is far reaching both in connection with anaphylaxis and with immunity in general . 
We are not inclined to attribute to it as predominant a part in anti - anaphylaxis as is assigned to it by Bessau . 
For , in the first place , tolerance to the poisons is never developed to a very high degree , and , moreover , it does not become evident until three or four days after the first injection , while anti - anaphylaxis develops almost immediately after shock . 
However , there seems to us to be strong presumptive evidence that such tolerance to the poisons may play an important and , possibly , a non - specific part in anti - anaphylaxis , the chief underlying and specific cause of this phenomenon being the exhaustion of antibodies , or desensitization in the sense of Besredka . 
The relation of such tolerance to the resistance of the animal to bacterial infection is , of course , obvious if we accept the possibility of the production of such poisons in the injected body and their participation in the production of bacterial toxemia . 
We hope to throw more light on these relations in another paper dealing with the aggressin - like properties of the proteotoxins . 
A comparison of the results obtained in the analysis of the different effusions shows that they vary , ( 1 ) according to location , and ( 2 ) according to the disease in which they are produced . 
Thus the subcutaneous effusions are totally different in their composition from the abdominal or pleuritic fluids ; and again the abdominal fluid of nephritic origin is different from those of cardiac or other origin . 
The cutaneous effusions are characterized by a very low protein content and a small amount of incoagulable nitrogen . 
Of the protein present in these fluids , the globulin constitutes the greater portion . 
In the mixed cardionephritic fluids the ratio of globulin to albumin is lower than that in normal blood serum ; but when compared with the blood sera of cardionephritic cases there appears to be a certain parallelism . 
The chloride content of these fluids is considerably above that found in normal blood serum , but is comparable with those of corresponding cases . 
The effusions occurring in serous cavities differ from the cutaneous ones by their higher protein content . 
The highest values are attained in the pleural fluids , in which the protein present is almost the same as that in normal blood serum . 
The incoagulable nitrogen in these fluids is uniformly low . 
The chlorides vary in amount according to the nature of the case . 
In the effusions of inflammatory origin the values are lower than those found in the blood . 
In the pleural fluids of other than inflammatory origin the chloride content is either the same or higher than that of blood serum . 
The globulin - albumin ratio in all of these fluids except one ( table III , fluid 61 ) is higher than that of normal blood serum . 
Otherwise the highest value is presented by a pleural fluid from a case of nephritis ( table III , fluid 205 ) and the lowest by an empyema fluid ( table III , fluid 30 ) . 
The latter case is of especial interest because of the theory , first propounded by Schmidt , that the leucocytes in the purulent fluid are largely responsible for high globulin content . 
The abdominal fluids in general are less rich in protein than the pleural effusions . 
Those of cardiac origin give the highest protein values , but the globulin - albumin ratios are lower than in the pleural fluids or in the blood sera of corresponding cases . 
Only in two fluids does the globulin reach a percentage of 62 and 52 . 2 . 
In both these cases the chloride content is also high . 
The incoagulable nitrogen in all of them is rather low . 
In one fluid of purely nephritic origin the protein content is low and all of it is globulin . 
This is suggestive , when compared with the values obtained in the analysis of the blood sera from nephritic cases . 
The results obtained in the analysis of abdominal fluids from cardionephritic cases approach very closely those obtained in purely cardiac cases . 
1 . 
The unsaturated lipoids ( serum antitrypsin ) can be adsorbed from guinea pig serum , rabbit serum , and horse serum by kaolin , starch , agar , and bacteria . 
2 . 
Diphtheria toxin and cobra venom also reduce the serum antitrypsin , possibly because of their affinity for lipoids . 
3 . 
Anaphylatoxins represent sera rendered toxic by partial removal of serum antitrypsin . 
4 . 
The matrix of the protein split products lies in the serum proteins so exposed . 
5 . 
The amount of removal of serum antitrypsin depends on definite quantitative relations ; very large amounts and very small amounts of adsorbing substances are least effective ( kaolin , starch , and bacteria ) . 
6 . 
Bacteria previously treated with serum or with oils do not adsorb serum antitrypsin . 
7 . 
Bacteria treated with serum become more resistant to the action of trypsin . 
1 . 
Sera from which the protective lipoids ( unsaturated fatty acids ) have been removed are toxic for the homologous animal . 
2 . 
The toxicity is due to three factors : ( a ) an alteration in the mechanism of coagulation , with resulting intravascular coagulation ; ( b ) the exposure of the native serum proteins ; ( c ) the formation of toxic split products ( primary proteoses ) by autolysis . 
3 . 
A definite maximum of toxicity can be determined , with a final stage of atoxicity due to continued autolysis . 
4 . 
Hirudin and sodium citrate do not protect animals . 
5 . 
Heating to 70 degrees C . destroys , or greatly lessens , the toxicity of the serotoxin , although the isolated proteoses are toxic after boiling . 
6 . 
The return of the extracted lipoids ( saponified ) neutralizes the toxicity . 
7 . 
Unsaturated soaps also neutralize the toxicity . 
8 . 
Sublethal doses produce extreme prostration , marked fall in body temperature , no eosinophilia , and an increase of antitrypsin . 
9 . 
Sublethal doses of rapidly prepared chloroform sera cause a decrease in coagulation time ; sublethal doses of autolyzed sera cause an increase in coagulation time . 
10 . 
Previously injected animals are more resistant ( increased antiferments ) . 
11 . 
Iodized animals are less resistant ( decreased antiferments ) . 
Liver . - The amount of filterable nitrogen in the samples before autolysis is too variable , both in the normal livers and in the livers from pneumococcus infections in the rabbit , for a constant difference to be obtained . 
The amino nitrogen before autolysis is generally slightly increased in the livers of the infected animals , especially in the perfused specimens . 
Most of the experiments show an increased disintegration of the livers of the infected animals during the first stages of proteolysis ( twenty to thirty hours ) , both in the non - perfused and the perfused specimens . 
This increased disintegration is generally more evident for the complex proteins ( filterable nitrogen ) than for the lower products ( amino nitrogen ) . 
In the later stages the proteolysis of the blood - containing livers of the normal and the infected rabbits tends to an equalization , or the relations reverse , the proteolysis of the normal samples becoming more advanced . 
In the perfused specimens the differences in the rate of proteolysis are the same as in the earlier stages . 
Kidney . - The rate of proteolysis shows no constant differences in the normal and infected tissues . 
It is possible by means of repeated injections of uranium nitrate to produce in the cat a subacute or chronic nephritis which can progress to a fatal termination and show in its course increasing accumulation of non - protein nitrogen in the blood . 
This nephritis differs only slightly from the spontaneous chronic nephritis of the species . 
Repeated doses of diphtheria toxin produce a subacute form of nephritis with only temporary or slight retention , but nevertheless anatomically a well defined nephritis . 
The spontaneous nephritis studied resembles more closely that produced by uranium nitrate than that produced by diphtheria toxin both histologically and from the standpoint of blood analysis . 
These studies , like all studies of the kidney , are difficult of interpretation because of the impossibility of producing a pure glomerular or pure tubular nephritis . 
Arsenic nephritis in its early stage is physiologically a vascular nephritis , but anatomically tubular , and shows in this stage almost no retention of nitrogen , although studies of urinary nitrogen indicate an increased catabolism . 
On the other hand , diphtheria nephritis in the early stages is anatomically a nephritis with marked involvement of the glomerulus anatomically , but it is physiologically a tubular form , and in this early stage there is little or no nitrogen retention although studies of metabolism indicate that protein catabolism is increased by the administration of diphtheria toxin . 
In both cases , however , there appears to come a time when the excreting power of the kidney is exhausted and nitrogen accumulation occurs in the blood . 
This is much less marked in the arsenic nephritis , with less tubular change , than in diphtheria toxin nephritis with its marked tubular degeneration . 
This same late accumulation of blood nitrogen is seen in immune serum nephritis , where the tubular changes are persistent and relatively more severe than the glomerular change . 
It might well be said that this is no argument for the influence of the tubules in the excretion of waste nitrogen because of the general exhaustion of the organism as a whole and of the kidney in particular , and that no positive conclusions can be drawn is indicated by the opening sentence of this summary . 
Tartrate nephritis was at first considered as purely tubular ; but the appearance of occasional glomerular change , as mentioned by Wells in one of his animals , and the fact that the presence of precipitated albumen in the subcapsular space , pointed out by Pearce and Ringer , probably indicates an increased permeability of the tuft capillaries , all lead to the conclusion that although the tubular change predominates , there is , possibly , slight alteration of the glomerulus . 
This form of nephritis shows the most marked retention of nitrogen , persisting even though the glomeruli show almost no change , tending to clear up with the progress of time and evidently also with the repair of the tubular change , and bearing a direct relation to the dose of tartaric acid and presumably with the degree of tubular change . 
It must be remembered , however , that the nephritis in the cases of greatest retention is a very severe form , and this again clouds the physiological interpretation of the results . 
The study shows no reason for altering the conclusions of our earlier studies , but from the interpretation accorded above it appears to throw more stress on tubular change as determining nitrogen retention . 
It confirms in addition the value of the methods used for studies of this type . 
The repeated injection of small doses of horse serum and egg - white in dogs , cats , rabbits , and guinea pigs that have been sensitized to these proteins , causes injury to the cells of various organs and tissues with resulting inflammatory reactions . 
The changes are especially marked after intraperitoneal injections in the peritoneum and after intravenous injections in the livers of rabbits and cats , and in the myocardium and kidneys of all groups of animals . 
In dogs and rabbits , especially , there develops a well marked nephritis characterized by degeneration and necrosis of the epithelium of the loops of Henle , of the collecting tubules , and less frequently of the convoluted tubules . 
This is accompanied by an extensive small round cell infiltration of the interstitial tissue and later the formation of connective tissue . 
Together with these changes there are acute and chronic alterations in the glomeruli of all groups of animals . 
Egg - white in large doses is itself injurious to the kidney of animals , but this slight primary toxicity is probably greatly enhanced through previous sensitization of the animal . 
Since the purpose of this paper is to record the cultivation of amoebae upon autolyzed tissue without bacterial association , the morphological characteristics , life cycle , means of differentiating species , and pathogenicity of the protozoa have been omitted . 
These subjects will be considered in later publications . 
The result of this study proves that some species of amoebae from liver abscesses and the human intestine can be cultivated upon various autolyzed tissues of man and some of the lower animals without a symbiotic microorganism . 
Their cultivation from liver abscesses upon such bacteria - free autolyzed tissue indicates that their multiplication in these lesions depends upon some product or products in the process of dissociation of the liver cells . 
That such a process exists in amoebic liver abscesses cannot be questioned when histological and biochemical studies are made of such lesions , and this explains not only why the multiplication of the parasites in the organ occurs , but suggests the probable origin of the lesion . 
It has long been known that tissue kept for several days in a perfectly aseptic condition and at body heat , or preferably at slightly higher temperature undergoes softening and final disintegration of its cells . 
Wells and others who have made a thorough study of this phenomenon find that different enzymic actions take place in this process : thus in the liver they find that soluble nitrogen compounds are greatly increased , the nucleoproteids are altered by nuclease , the purin bases are freed and in their turn acted upon by the guanase and adenase , the fats are split and fatty acids set free , the glycogen gives rise to glucose and undergoes further splitting . 
lecithin is cleaved , and allied bodies appear , and there is a marked appearance of cholin and cholesterin . 
Similar changes varying only in degree occur in the process of autolysis of other tissues . 
Furthermore , Duval in his experiments upon the cultivation of Bacillus leprae found that the initial multiplication was accomplished when the specific organism was in symbiosis with an associated bacterium capable of hydrolyzing the leprous tissue . 
In later experiments he noted that the products of split proteins supply what is actually required for the growth of this particular obligate cell parasite , and that while this end is reached with bacteria through their proteolytic action equally good results can be obtained with tissue free from contaminating microörganisms provided that it is allowed to autolyze . 
The separation of amoebae cultivated from the human intestine from their bacterial symbiont , and their development upon various autolyzed tissues indicate that it is not the bacterium that is essential for the life of these protozoa , but the action of the living bacteria upon the protein contained in the media . 
This would explain the failure of many investigators to cultivate amoebae with dead bacteria or bacterial filtrates . 
Mention has been made that the autolyzed tissue used in the cultivation experiments gave a distinct acid reaction . 
The multiplication of amoebae upon a medium with such a reaction appears contradictory to the findings of Musgrave and Clegg , Walker , and others , who have emphasized the necessity of an alkaline medium for the successful cultivation of amoebae with a bacterial symbiont , though in accord with what is known to be the reaction of the contents from amoebic liver abscesses and of the bloody stools in intestinal amoebiosis . 
The fact should not be lost sight of that , in the cultivation of amoebae , these authors lay stress upon the selectiveness of amoebae for a special microörganism . 
A comparison of their work with our own results indicates that bacteria known to possess strong hydrolyzing properties , e . g . , Vibrio cholerae , Bacillus coli , Bacillus subtilis , Vibrio proteus ( Finkler - Prior ) , etc . , furnish the best symbionts to the amoebae . 
It is well known that these bacteria growing upon gelatin or blood serum liquify the medium and alter its reaction to a marked degree of acidity . 
This acidity , for the most part , results from dissociation of the protein molecule contained in the media , for Wiener has shown that autolysis does not begin until the normal alkalinity of the tissues has been neutralized by the production of organic acids . 
Since experiments show that the development of the amoebae is scant or completely arrested if the autolyzed tissue is smeared upon an acid agar base or upon agar with an alkalinity higher than 1 per cent . , the limit within which multiplication can occur must be small . 
It is possible that this explains why amoebae are so few in the center of liver abscesses where the acidity is very high and so plentiful in or near its walls where the normal tissue juices furnish a controlling influence over the acidity of the autolyzing tissue . 
It explains also why a neutral or a 1 to 1 . 5 per cent . 
alkaline medium is essential for the cultivation of amoebae with a bacterial symbiont . 
Here the necessity for a medium with an alkaline reaction seems necessary , as bacteria , especially those having high hydrolyzing properties , develop a marked acidity in the medium . 
If the medium possesses an initial acidity the limit is either quickly reached or already present and no multiplication occurs . 
On the other hand , a medium with a reaction too alkaline either inhibits the growth of symbiotic microörganisms , or neutralizes the acid products as rapidly as they are formed by the associated bacterium . 
Whether the amoebae cultivated from liver abscesses and from the intestinal canal upon diverse autolyzed tissues are able to produce lesions similar to those from which they were isolated , or whether they are non - pathogenic species which are accidental contaminators to those responsible for frank lesions , remains still to be determined . 
Experiments bearing upon these points , as well as on many others made possible by this work , are now under way . 
1 . 
In a series of non - nephritic individuals the total non - protein nitrogen of the blood , determined by Folin ' s method , was found to lie between 15 and 43 milligrams per 100 cubic centimeters . 
From 50 to 60 per cent . 
of this was in the ammonia - urea fraction . 
2 . 
In cardiovascular disease with renal congestion , but without other renal lesion , there was no evidence of increase of non - protein nitrogen in the blood , nor of alteration of the ammonia - urea percentage . 
3 . 
In chronic nephritis with marked albuminuria and edema there was very little , if any , increase or alteration . 
4 . 
In chronic nephritis with hypertension the non - protein nitrogen was definitely increased , ranging from 40 to 180 milligrams per 100 cubic centimeters of blood . 
The percentage of the ammonia - urea fraction was usually higher than in non - nephritic cases . 
5 . 
Cases showing high non - protein nitrogen values were subject to rapid fluctuations in these values in the course of a few days . 
As a rule , clinical improvement was associated with a fall of the non - protein nitrogen figures to nearer the normal range . 
6 . 
Uremia was almost always accompanied by an increase of non - protein nitrogen in the blood , but no constant relation could be established between the degree of increase and the tendency to uremia . 
7 . 
Our cases have not yet been followed for a long enough period to admit of conclusions as to the possible relation between the degree of non - protein nitrogen retention and ultimate prognosis . 
8 . 
We believe this method to be a valuable aid in the clinical study of nephritis and that it can be readily carried out in any well equipped clinical laboratory . 
The experiments here recorded , as well as those preceding them and outlined in the introductory paragraphs , have had the purpose of analyzing the phenomenon of alexin fixation occurring when dissolved , unformed proteins are added to their specific antisera . 
The present experiments have shown that specific precipitates have the same relation to the complement fractions first described by Ferrata that are possessed by sensitized cells . 
In this they differ from indifferent suspensions , like kaolin , which fix alexin and its fractions indiscriminately , fixing the end - piece without dependence upon previous adsorption of the mid - piece . 
The writer believes this to be of theoretical importance since it seems to show , in the first place , that the fixation of alexin by precipitates is not merely a mechanical adsorption , and in that it renders more likely the supposition that the so called precipitin is actually a protein sensitizer by which a foreign protein is rendered amenable to the proteolytic action of the alexin . 
The visible precipitation in such reactions is merely secondary , occurring because of the colloidal nature of the reacting bodies , under conditions of quantitative proportions and environment which favor flocculation . 
It does not seem necessary to assume a structure for the so called precipitins essentially different from that of other sensitizers . 
Carried to its logical consequences , the acceptance of this view , taking the identity of agglutinins and precipitins at least as a possibility , leads to the conception that functionally there is but one variety of specific antibodies , and that is the sensitizer which makes possible the action of alexin or complement upon various antigens . 
This study of globin and its compound with casein ( globin caseinate ) shows that globin fails to produce fixation antibodies in rabbits after repeated injections , thus agreeing with our own work and with that of others with similar histon bodies which are primarily toxic . 
When globin is combined with casein , however , it gives rise to antibodies that react not only with globin caseinate and casein but also with globin . 
The antibodies in antiglobin casein serum are apparently separate , one for globin and one for casein . 
In other words , the change in globin undergone on combination with casein has apparently rendered it antigenic . 
We did not succeed in demonstrating the genesis of this new antigenic property by anaphylaxis experiments . 
A further investigation of similar and more complex combined proteins is indicated and gives promise of more light on the nature of biological specificity . 
1 . 
A single intravenous injection into dogs of a sufficient number of freshly washed typhoid bacteria produces the symptoms and pathology that characterize anaphylaxis in these animals . 
2 . 
These effects are not produced by the coagulable protein - free filtrate from a fresh emulsion , while a similar filtrate from an emulsion digested with leucoprotease is very potent , the toxic portion of the bacterial bodies being changed from a coagulable to a non - coagulable state . 
3 . 
The symptoms and pathology described are not specific , since they can be produced by substances other than typhoid toxins . 
4 . 
Digestion with leucoprotease furnishes a method of liberating toxic substances from typhoid bacteria resembling the processes of nature more closely than the methods heretofore used . 
5 . 
The toxic substances thus liberated are not destroyed by a heat and acid precipitation of the coagulable proteins , and are of the nature of primary proteoses . 
The following conclusions may be drawn from the results obtained in this study . 
1 . 
In the minor surgical cases ( considered normal ) the chemical composition of the blood serum agrees , as far as its proteins are concerned , with the usual standard values . 
When examined at different times , the serum of such cases shows no variation in the total protein content or in its individual fractions . 
The incoagulable nitrogen , however , varies considerably in the total amount in the different cases , as well as in its percentage relations to the other constituents of the serum . 
2 . 
The cases of prostatic hypertrophy , with or without chronic interstitial nephritis , show no change from the normal in the character of the protein composition of the serum , nor in the ratio which the individual fractions bear to each other . 
On the other hand , the incoagulable and non - protein nitrogen of the serum show marked fluctuations , some of which correspond to the degree of functional deficiency of the kidneys . 
3 . 
In cases of localized infections of the kidneys , the changes in the blood serum are twofold . 
One concerns the proteins , and is traceable to the infection ; and the other concerns the non - protein nitrogen , results from functional impairment , and varies with the amount of destruction of the kidney substance . 
Thus an increase in the globulins is observed in these sera similar to that occurring in infections in other localities ; the non - protein content increases apparently in direct proportion to the degree of deficiency of the kidney , and becomes diminished when the function of the kidneys improves . 
PIP : This study concerns the cyclic temperature pattern of sexually mature women and studies normal temperature fluctuations during menstruation , pregnancy , puerperium , and lactation . 
The study subjects were taken from a delivery room , from private practice , and from febrile women in a tuberculosis sanitorium . 
Temperature was determined rectally with calibrated thermometers . 
Early morning temperature represents minimum terperature , maximum terperature was taken between 4 and 6 PM . 
A typical male temperature curve shows a constant daily fluctuation of about 0 . 9 degrees Celsius between minimum and maximum from early childhood till old age . 
Prepubertal girls show this same temperature curve . 
After puberty the woman ' s temperature curve becomes cyclic and shows 2 distinct patterns : postmenstrual pattern with low AM temperature ( 36 . 8 degrees ) , average maximum temperature and significant daily fluctuations ( 0 . 8 - 0 . 9 degrees ) , and premenstrual temperature with increased AM temperatures ( 36 . 9 - 37 . 1 degrees ) , proportionally increased maximum temperature and smaller daily fluctuations ( 0 . 5 - 0 . 7 degrees ) . 
The 1st pregnancy trimester shows a premenstrual pattern followed by a postmenstrual pattern for the rest of pregnancy . 
Temperature in puerperium is higher in AM , lower in PM than in pregnancy , with diurnal variations less in days 2 - 5 than after day 5 . 
Temperature curve in lactation shows a postmenstrual pattern ; the nonlactating woman soon reverts to the cyclic menstrual pattern . 
After climacteric the temperature pattern becomes once again prepubertal after an intial irregualr transitional pattern . 
The causes of these fluctuations are sought in various metabolic activities of the ovary . 
The corpus luteum , the ovum , the uterus , carbohydrates , and / or proteins . 
Various animal studies appear to support the theory of protein metabolism . 
Greater nitrogen excretion is found consistently at higher body temperatures . 
There is also much support for the theory of carbohydrate metabolism . 
PMID : 12338355 [ PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE ] 
It will be seen that uranium nephritis , which involves both tubules and glomeruli , the former more markedly than the latter , produces a marked accumulation of nitrogen in the blood . 
Chromate nephritis , which involves almost exclusively the tubules , produces only moderate retention of nitrogen . 
Cantharidin nephritis which involves both tubules and glomeruli , the latter more severely than does uranium , produces a marked accumulation of nitrogen , beginning early and persisting for a considerable period . 
The experiments were controlled by testing the blood of normal cats kept under the same conditions , these animals showing only slight variations from day to day . 
This general statement is in accordance with the physiological classification of these nephritides except that the retention in uranium occurs at an early stage , where , according to the physiological studies of Schlayer and his associates , and of Pearce , Hill , and Eisenbrey , the vascular changes have not as yet appeared . 
It must be noticed that in the three types of nephritis that form the subject of this investigation , anatomical study shows the glomerulus to be distinctly involved in the two forms where accumulation of nitrogen in the blood is most marked , a condition indicating that although almost pure tubular involvement produces only moderate accumulation , the additional involvement of the glomerulus is extremely important in leading to a retention of nitrogenous waste products . 
The accumulation of non - protein nitrogen in the blood and tissues is not large when compared with the total intake or elimination of nitrogen , and consequently it is practically impossible by means of ordinary nitrogen equilibrium experiments to demonstrate the fact of the retention , to say nothing of determining the degree of accumulation of waste products accompanying nephritis . 
That both can be demonstrated by the method employed in this research is clearly shown by the figures recorded ablove . 
The most striking feature observed in this study is the extensive variation of the serum in relation to its proteins . 
It was found that in certain diseases the globulin fraction is markedly increased , whereas the total protein of the serum may be normal , or may fall far below normal in amount . 
The diseases in which an increase in the globulins takes place may be grouped as follows : ( 1 ) cardiac diseases associated with decompensation and serous effusions , ( 2 ) pulmonary or respiratory affections of inflammatory or non - inflammatory origin ( pneumonia , emphysema , polycythemia ) , ( 3 ) diabetes mellitus , and ( 4 ) parenchymatous nephritis . 
In the serum of chronic parenchymatous nephritis the increase in the globulin content is most pronounced and may constitute nearly all the protein , or as much as 95 per cent . 
The globulin content of serum is normal or diminished in the following diseases : ( 1 ) simple achylia gastrica ( short duration ) , ( 2 ) tuberculosis , ( 3 ) diabetes insipidus , and ( 4 ) chronic interstitial nephritis . 
Other ingredients of the sera analyzed showed variations which cannot be definitely classified ; but in a general way it appears upon careful analysis that an accumulation of water and salt occurs in those diseases in which the globulin fraction of the blood serum is increased . 
1 . 
The filtered blood serum of rabbits infected with pneumococci is not toxic . 
2 . 
Extracts of pneumococci prepared by keeping emulsions of the bacteria in salt solution at 37 degrees C . for varying periods of time may be toxic , and when injected intravenously into guinea pigs , may produce a train of symptoms followed by acute death resembling that seen in acute anaphylaxis . 
Such extracts , however , are not uniformly toxic and it has been impossible to discover the exact conditions under which such extracts become toxic . 
3 . 
When the centrifugalized peritoneal washings of guinea pigs infected with pneumococci are injected into the circulation of normal guinea pigs , these animals very frequently exhibit symptoms like those seen in acute anaphylaxis , and a considerable proportion of the animals die acutely . 
4 . 
When pneumococci are dissolved in dilute solutions of bile salts and the solution resulting is injected intravenously into rabbits and guinea pigs , these animals show with great constancy the same symptoms that are seen in acute anaphylaxis . 
The solution of pneumococci in bile may occur in ten minutes at 37 degrees C . or in half an hour on ice . 
This is considered evidence that the toxicity of the solution does not result from digestion of the bacterial protein , but is due to substances preformed in the bacterial cells and set free on their solution . 
The toxicity of the solution is diminished or destroyed by heating to 55 degrees C . or over . 
We draw the following conclusions from our experiments on the antigenic properties of chemically pure casein and some of its split products . 
Casein and paranuclein have distinct antigenic properties , particularly as shown by their ability to sensitize guinea pigs for subsequent anaphylactic intoxication by each other or by milk . 
This sensitizing ability and a corresponding ability to intoxicate are indistinguishably equivalent , under the conditions employed . 
On immunizing rabbits by repeated injections of paranuclein or of casein , and subsequently testing their sera for precipitins and fixation antibodies , it was found that casein apparently produces them much more readily , giving an antiserum that reacted ( fixation ) in very high dilution with casein ( 0 . 000 , 000 , 1 of a 1 per cent . 
solution ) , but much less strongly with paranuclein . 
Only one of two antiparanuclein sera showed the presence of antibodies to paranuclein by the delicate fixation reaction , and that in relatively small amounts . 
The two antibodies to casein and to paranuclein are , in the case of casein quantitatively , and in the case of paranuclein absolutely specific . 
A solution of the products of complete peptic digestion of casein fails to sensitize to paranuclein and gives no fixation reaction with an anticasein or antiparanuclein serum . 
It intoxicates animals sensitized to paranuclein but no more markedly than it does normal animals . 
It also fails to show specific intoxication in an animal that has been sensitized by the same substance . 
The amino acids , glutamic acid , and leucin , the principal components of their kind in casein , and in the same proportion therein present , likewise failed to show antigenic properties . 
They do not sensitize animals to milk intoxication or to intoxication by themselves , and likewise failed to produce precipitins in rabbits in a preliminary experiment . 
These experiments are regarded as a fairly systematic analysis of the antigenic properties of split products of a single protein . 
They are analogous to , though less complete than the work of Wells ( 6 ) on egg - white . 
They seem to present the additional advantage of dealing with what is probably the only protein certainly known chemically , and in its purest form . 
They serve , moreover , as an introduction to the following study of the antigenic properties of a combined protein . 
Extracts of the kidneys of normal rabbits prepared one , two , three , and four days after the intravenous injection of egg - albumin and horse serum have the power to sensitize guinea pigs to a second injection of these proteins . 
The sensitization by first and second day extracts was constant and intense , that by the third day extracts was less marked and sometimes was not evident , and that by the fourth day extracts was only occasional , and when present was always weak . 
Comparative studies of the power of the blood , liver , and kidney to sensitize , indicate that this sensitization depends on the content of foreign protein in the circulating blood and not upon its accumulation or fixation in the tissues of an organ . 
This opinion is supported by other experiments in which the sensitizing power of the blood and of the extracts of unwashed kidneys was compared with the sensitizing power of extracts of washed kidney . 
The weak sensitizing power of washed kidney extract is taken as evidence that foreign proteins of the kinds used are not held in the tissues of the kidney , and if these results may be applied to nephrotoxic proteins , it follows that nephritis is not due to selective and persisting fixation of a protein by the renal cells , but is due to the action of such protein merely during the process of its elimination . 
In experimental acute nephritis of the type due to uranium nitrate , the power of sensitization to egg - albumin is prolonged for twenty - four hours , and in the chrornate type for forty - eight hours , thus indicating that in nephritis , of the acute type at least , the elimination of a foreign protein is delayed . 
Attempts to study by the same methods the elimination of vegetable and bacterial proteins have failed . 
Thus , our conclusions harmonize with those of Brugsch and Schittenhelm in so far as they are concerned with the nuclein metabolism . 
They add , however , the observation that the elimination of nitrogenous substances of protein origin has a protracted character , and that the oxidation of as simple a substance as asparagin proceeds at a subnormal rate . 
The most striking peculiarity observed in our patient was the very imperfect elimination of ingested urea when the patient was placed on a diet containing only six grams of nitrogen per day , and a much more complete elimination when the diet contained thirteen grams of nitrogen . 
In the test tube , sodium linoleate and sodium linolenate kill and dissolve virulent pneumococci more rapidly and in higher dilutions than sodium oleate ; otherwise their action is the same . 
The intensity of action on the cocci is directly proportional to the degree of unsaturation of the acid . 
Blood serum inhibits the bacteriolytic and hemolytic action of unsaturated soaps partially or completely , according to definitive quantitative relations between serum and soap . 
Small quantities of serum completely inhibit the action of dilute soap solutions , but even whole serum does not prevent bacteriolysis and hemolysis by relatively concentrated soap solutions , i . e . 1 per cent . 
and 0 . 5 per cent . 
A given quantity of serum inhibits the action of the soaps in inverse ratio to their degree of unsaturation . 
The hemolytic and bacteriolytic action of soaps of the unsaturated fatty acids is probably due in part to their avidity for protein and not wholly to their ability to dissolve lipoids . 
Attempts to prevent serum inhibition of the lytic action of sodium linoleate and sodium linolenate were unsuccessful . 
The more unsaturated soaps are not as efficient in preventing fatal pneumococcic infection of animals as sodium oleate . 
Repeated experiments have proven that few , if any , of the ordinary laboratory and domestic animals are immune against infection by Bacillus leprae . 
As previously reported , the goat , horse , guinea pig , and many cold - blooded animals ( Couret ) have been found susceptible to invasion by this organism . 
Two factors are of great importance in effecting infection . 
In the first place , a sufficiently large number of organisms must be employed , and , what is still more important , second and subsequent inoculations are more liable to produce leprous lesions than are primary injections . 
Moderate doses used in the first inoculation of animals are comparatively harmless as regards their ability to induce lesions . 
Such preliminary doses , whether they consist of living or dead organisms , produce a condition of hypersensitiveness or allergy , which renders it possible by a second injection of viable bacilli to induce the development of a reactionary lesion . 
Lesions arising as the result of a second inoculation develop more rapidly , increase in size more quickly , and persist for a longer period than those taking place as the result of a single inoculation , even though very large doses are used . 
Moreover , the bacilli in these lesions are more liable to lead to metastasis and to a generalized infection . 
We regard the results of these experiments as having considerable bearing upon the development of the disease in human cases , since we find that it is chiefly among those living in prolonged intimate contact with leprous patients that leprosy develops . 
The proper interpretation of these findings is difficult and becomes , apparently , more complex the longer they are studied . 
We are accustomed to similar phenomena of anaphylaxis or allergy with protein materials and with certain bacteria , especially the tubercle bacillus . 
It is not surprising that a specific allergy or altered reaction should take place in animals previously injected with leprosy bacilli , either alive or dead ; why , however , lesions should develop in which the bacilli continue to grow in animals which had recovered from previous injections , or the serum of which showed bactericidal properties and contained other specific antibodies , is not so easily understood . 
It is unnecessary in this paper to discuss the relative value of the different theories brought forward to explain the phenomenon of anaphylaxis . 
It must , nevertheless , be assumed that either as the result of the splitting of certain essentially non - toxic substances in the bacillus by specific ferment - like substances in the blood , which increase after a sensitizing dose , or by the joining of some body in the serum with certain substances in the bacilli , a toxic body is produced . 
Following the setting free or development of these injurious bodies , there results a cellular reaction , an area of local necrosis followed usually by the appearance of cells of the lymphoid and epithelioid type , and , especially if dead bacilli are used , by polymorphonuclear leucocytes . 
Such a reaction is usual in all allergic or anaphylactic conditions ; but why the reaction should pre - dispose to the more or less permanent development of parasitic powers on the part of the bacilli is not so plain . 
The idea has been expressed by us , as the result of observations based chiefly upon the study of the changes in the tissues of human leprosy , that the presence of bacilli within the large multinucleated cells that are characteristic of the lesion is the result of active multiplication of the bacilli in these cells rather than of phagocytosis by the cells , although it is possible that their original entrance may be the result of phagocytic action . 
If this be the case , it is possible that , through the cellular reaction plus the necrosis of certain of the fixed tissue cells , a pabulum of split protein products results upon which the bacilli feed , and in which they find protection from the antibodies present in the blood serum . 
In our attempts to induce infection in various mammalian species with cultures of human leprosy , positive results have been obtained in almost every instance after the second injection of large numbers of the organism . 
In this manner , we have been successful in the production of lesions in the monkey , goat , horse , guinea pig , and mouse . 
The results of these experiments lead us to believe that the mechanism through which invasion and multiplication follows in these lower animals is similar to if not identical with that in man . 
A careful study of the progress of the disease in man together with the behavior of the organism in the monkey and the goat would suggest , at least , that the function of toxin production is , after all , of little use to the leprosy bacillus because it has seemingly acquired a highly parasitic existence ; instead of which it is not only possible , but highly probable , that its defensive protection , whatever it may be , is enormously developed . 
After the inoculation of animals with either dead or living bacilli , the production of specific antibodies is induced ; these do not develop in any considerable amount and apparently show no marked tendency to increase upon repeated injections . 
The tests of the sera in vitro indicate that the antisubstances are produced chiefly by the first few injections . 
Either the existence of some specific bacterial protective body , or what seems more probable , the protection afforded by the host cells in which the bacilli become ensconsed accounts , we believe , for the difficulty of producing in animals an antiserum of high potency . 
The idea , too , that the bacilli do not multiply to any great extent until they have entered certain cells of the host has , in a large measure , been verified by the artificial cultivation experiments . 
We know from our studies upon the biology of the organism that it will live for years in the most unfavorable conditions . 
This would suggest that during their sojourn in the tissue cells death as the result of autolysis rarely occurs , and as long as the cells can withstand the multiplication of the bacilli within and remain alive , so long are the bacilli protected from outside injurious influences , in consequence of which no disintegration of bacilli occurs to induce the production of immune bodies . 
On the other hand , death of the cells carrying the bacilli must occur from time to time , and this exposes large numbers of the organisms to the action of the body fluids , and , in consequence , to the condition of formation of specific antibodies . 
1 . 
The sera of rabbits injected repeatedly with the nucleoproteins , globulins , and albumins of the liver and kidney of the dog give no evidence in vitro or in vivo experiments of organ affinity . 
The precipitin test offers no proof of the specificity of these sera for the proteins employed as antigens . 
2 . 
The anaphylaxis reaction applied to the same proteins indicates a slight relative organ affinity but no specificity as far as the respective protein fractions are concerned . 
The relative organ affinity resides , rather , in the globulin and albumin fractions than in the nucleoprotein fraction . 
Dog serum used both as a sensitizing and an intoxicating agent gives rise to very active cross reactions with organ proteins , thus failing to support the theory of organ or of protein specificity . 
3 . 
These results do not support the view put forward that nucleoproteins play an important part in the course of production of cytotoxic immune sera . 
The fixing property of a specific precipitate and of syphilitic serum in the presence of certain antigenic lipoids , can be removed by adding certain non - complementary proteins of blood serum or hen ' s egg . 
This disappearance of the complementary activity in the syphilis reaction , as well as in the true Bordet - Gengou reaction , is a phenomenon which incidentally accompanies the fixation of certain serum constituents , some of which possess a complementary activity . 
The presence or absence of the complementary property in these protein components does not influence fixation . 
Whether the disappearance of the complementary activity during the phenomenon of so - called fixation is due to a mechanical precipitation of the molecules through absorption or whether it is due to a physico - chemical alteration of the active molecules , is unknown . 
It is more probable that a chemical interaction takes place in the case of the syphilis reaction . 
Certain sera , for example , those derived from man and goat , show a low fixability . 
It is interesting to note that the fixability is gradually diminished when these sera and egg - white are heated to a temperature above 56 degrees C . , and totally disappears at 85 degrees C . The coagulation of proteins with absolute alcohol or by boiling , destroys their interfering property . 
The fact that the fixation is not selectively directed towards complement , has a very important meaning for exact serology . 
The one - sided accuracy as to the complementary unity is no longer sufficient for quantitative work . 
Both the complementary and the volumetric unity of a serum serving as the source of complement should be taken into consideration . 
Besides , the fixability of the sera of various species of animals must also be considered . 
From these facts a formula may be derived for deciding the degree of suitableness of a serum . 
see PDF for Equation X is the degree of suitableness ; K , the species constant for the fixability ; P , the complementary activity ; and V , the volume of serum . 
It will be seen that the suitableness is proportional to the fixability constant and the complementary unity , and inversely proportional to the volume of serum employed . 
As to what species yields the largest value for X , we refer the reader to our studies published elsewhere . 
The liver tissues of man and certain animals ( dogs , rabbits , guinea pigs , etc . 
) yield , upon alcoholic extraction , various substances which may be divided by their physical and chemical properties into several groups . 
While many substances are present in the alcoholic extract , the ones possessing antigenic properties are comparatively few . 
The latter are responsible for the antigenic properties exhibited by the whole alcoholic extract . 
The substances extracted with alcohol were fractionated into the following four groups . 
( a ) Substances Insoluble in Ether and Hot Alcohol . - These are chiefly proteins and salts . 
The proteins are probably the minute particles of larger molecules held in apparent suspension in alcohol until all other substances are removed . 
The water extracted from the tissues and admixed with alcohol is also an essential factor in extracting these particles in an alcoholic solution . 
The salts present are the usual physiological constituents of the liver , notably , sodium chloride . 
The quantity of these substances extracted with alcohol varies greatly with different specimens . 
Biologically considered , they are neither markedly hemolytic nor anticomplementary and possess no antigenic property for the Wassermann reaction . 
It is important , however , to note that the proteins bind complement when mixed with certain active human sera . 
For this reason a preparation of antigen containing this group of substances is unsuitable for use in combination with an active serum , and should , therefore , be rejected . 
( b ) Substances Insoluble in Ether and Soluble in Hot Alcohol . - This group contains soaps , cleavage products of proteins , and small amounts of the bile salts . 
Soaps and bile salts are very strongly hemolytic and are absolutely unfit for use as antigen . 
Moreover , their antigenic properties are very slight . 
It is best to eliminate this group of substances from the preparation of antigen . 
The quantity of the substances of this group extracted from different specimens of tissue is very variable . 
( c ) Substances Soluble in Ether , Alcohol , and Aceton . - In this group are found varying amounts of fatty acids , both saturated and unsaturated , some neutral fats , cholesterin and many unidentified lipoidal bodies . 
This group causes either hemolysis or inhibition , of hemolysis . 
In other words , it is anticomplementary as well as hemolytic in the majority of preparations . 
At the same time , in some preparations it is , to a certain extent , antigenic . 
This great variation in the amounts of these substances in given extracts renders their presence in the antigen preparation undesirable . 
It is not denied , however , that , when added in adequate quantities , some of these substances may improve the activity of the antigenic lipoids . 
( d ) Substances Insoluble in Aceton . - This group of substances consists of phosphatids . 
The best known among them is , of course , lecithin . 
Besides lecithin , however , there must be various other phosphatids present in this fraction . 
It will be noticed that the precipitate formed by mixing the ethereal solution with aceton contains a certain amount of lipoids insoluble in ether as well as in alcohol . 
Before the fractionation in aceton , all lipoids were soluble in ether or ethyl alcohol . 
Further analytical work on the nature of the phosphatids contained in this fraction is necessary . 
This fraction , in general , is more constant in amount in the various liver extracts . 
Biologically considered , it is the most important . 
It is usually non - hemolytic , frequently anticomplementary , but much more strongly antigenic than the other fractions . 
The antigenic strength varies with different preparations , being almost absent in the extracts derived from fatty livers . 
An aceton insoluble fraction may be strongly antigenic without any other auxiliary effects , or may be accompanied by an anticomplementary property . 
This fraction does not cause the so - called non - specific reaction with an active human serum . 
For these reasons it is recommended ( as Noguchi has repeatedly done before ) that the antigen should be selected from the aceton - insoluble fractions . 
Iodine Value in Relation to Antigenic Value . - Speaking generally of the aceton - insoluble fraction , a high antigenic value is associated with a high iodine value of lipoids obtained from the liver and heart . 
This rule does not , however , apply to the corresponding fraction from the brain . 
Standard Antigen . - The preparation of a standard antigen for Noguchi ' s method for the diagnosis of syphilis is given just before the summary . 
The directions will enable one to make a stock solution , from which , at any time , a suitable antigenic emulsion may be obtained . 
Highly dilute solutions of the alkaline oleates , which do not suffice to alter appreciably the morphology or reproductive power of the pneumococci , nevertheless produce profound changes in their structure . 
Pneumococci treated with sodium oleate become more subject to autolysis , as is indicated both by the rapidity and the perfection of the process of self - digestion , and at the same time they become subject to serum - lysis . 
The serum - lysis of the soaped pneumococci tends to be incomplete with normal serum and to be perfect with an immune antipneumococcus serum . 
When normal serum is employed , the surviving pneumococci subsequently multiply either in the test tube or in the animal body , in the latter case producing fatal infection . 
When , on the other hand , an immune serum is employed , lysis is complete , no multiplication occurs , the test tube mixture is sterilized , and the inoculated animal is protected from infection . 
The inhibition of their activity which the soaps ordinarily suffer in the presence of protein , can be prevented by the addition of an appropriate quantity of boric acid , so that suitable mixtures of serum , soap , and boric acid can continue to exert a deleterious and solvent influence on the pneumococci , and the effect is greater when immune serum is employed in the mixtures . 
Infection can not only be prevented when the mixture of immune serum , soap , and boric acid is added to the pneumococci before injection into the peritoneal cavity of small animals , but the infection can likewise be prevented when a therapeutic injection of a mixture of the three substances mentioned is made to follow the inoculation of normal , highly virulent diplococci . 
The limits of the activity of the therapeutic mixture are determined , in part by the amount of protein to be overcome , and in part by the peculiarities of the infection occurring in highly susceptible animal species . 
The virulence of the pneumococci is somewhat diminished by the soap treatment , but the treated organisms are not rendered more subject to phagocytosis . 
It would appear that the action of the soap is exerted upon the lipoidal moiety of the bacterial cells , through which they are rendered more pervious to serum constituents and brought under their deleterious and dissolving influence . 
The changes in the pneuocci here described probably have a prototype in the resolving exudate of a pneumonic process ; so that it may be considered that they occur in the animal body in the course of spontaneous infection and constitute one of the conditions of the conquest of the organism by the body ' s forces . 
A certain conformity exists between the manner of destruction of the pneumococci in a pneumonic exudate and that in the artificially prepared soap - serum mixtures . 
In order to imitate outside of the body the conditions of the removal of pneumococci within the body , it does not suffice merely to study the reactions to leucocytes and serum and to conclude from these reactions the means which the body employs for the disposal of the diplococci ; but it is necessary to invoke still other factors , among which are the effects of chemical substances present in exudates , of which the soaps represent one class . 
The failure hitherto to unify the reactions in test tubes with those occurring in the body in connection with the pneumococcus may be due to the fact that account was not taken of this class of chemical bodies . 
Whether the principle here presented can be made applicable to the treatment of local pneumococcus infections in human beings is a pressing question . 
Its application to the treatment of local infections , to the seats of which the serum , soap , and boric acid mixtures can be directly applied , particularly after evacuation of an inflammatory exudate , seems to offer promise . 
Gravimetric determinations were recorded for the total and several individual proteins ( in the sodium oxalate plasma ) fractioned with ammonium sulphate and sodium chloride . 
At precipitation , the plasma salt mixture had been diluted to a final volume of ten times the amount of plasma employed . 
Coagulations were on aliquot portions of filtrates , and the individual protein constituents ( except serumalbumin ) were calculated by difference . 
The eleven horses had been subjected to simultaneous immunization against diphtheria and tetanus toxins , each horse being subsequently continued on the toxin to which it responded best . 
Test bleedings of about 500 cubic centimeters only were made until maximum antitoxic potency ( with almost coincident greatest variation See PDF for Structure in the contents of the several proteins ) had been attained ; routine bleedings of four to ten liters for antitoxin production were then instituted . 
The two refractory , one medium and the eight horses yielding a highly potent antitoxic plasma , all showed an increase of from 40 to 114 per cent . 
in the total serumglobulin . 
For the refractory animals , this increase was 59 . 3 and 87 . 9 per cents . 
In one refractory and in one high horse , the serumglobulin maximum preceded the highest concentration in antitoxin . 
In seven of the horses , the greatest increase in the total serumglobulin was coincident with the maximum antitoxic potency . 
The serumglobulin increase , however , tended relatively to precede that of the antitoxin . 
In the two other horses , both maxima also were observed together ; no " intermediate " bleedings were made in these two instances . 
The greatest absolute increase in the serumglobulin was observed in the most potent plasma obtained in the series ; the second place , however , went to a refractory horse . 
Subsequent to the maxima , the serumglobulin content was maintained at high concentration , in spite of repeated bleedings ; it then only roughly paralleled the antitoxic variations in the plasma of the individual animals . 
At dilutions of the plasma in the precipitated mixtures of 1 : 15 , 1 : 5 and 1 : 10 , the ammonium sulphate " euglobulin " fraction amounted to about 60 to 70 , 20 to 24 and 10 to 15 per cents . , respectively , of the total serumglobulin in both the normal and the antitoxic plasma . 
In an 850 unit plasma , an increase in the " euglobulin " over the normal percentage was observed , but the high content of protein in this plasma probably influenced the precipitation limits . 
The influence of the protein concentration is indicated by the different percentages for the " euglobulin " obtained for the three dilutions of 1 : 15 , 1 : 5 and 1 : 10 . 
The " euglobulin " then was not increased to a greater extent than the " pseudoglobulin " as the result of immunization , as has at times been maintained . 
See PDF for Structure The " euglobulin " precipitated by saturating the plasma with sodium chloride ( at ultimate dilution of the plasma 1 : 10 ) was much greater in normal plasma than the ammonium sulphate " euglobulin " at the same dilution . 
There was a tendency in early immunization for this sodium chloride " euglobulin " to increase along with the total serumglobulin ; it rapidly diminished , however , until at the height of immunization and maximum serumglobulin concentration , it may have reached less than half the normal absolute amount . 
The serum albumin was diminished a third to a half the normal along with the serumglobulin increase . 
Subsequent to the anti - See PDF for Structure toxic and serumglobulin maxima , figures as low as a fifth of the original serumalbumin content have been noted . 
It is suggested that this diminution of the sodium chloride " euglobulin " and the serumalbumin is a physiological compensation for the greater viscosity of the plasma because of the increase in the more soluble serumglobulins . 
No characteristic alteration in the fibrinogen of the plasma was observed during immunization . 
Individual variations up to 0 . 5 gram per 100 cubic centimeters of plasma have been recorded . 
The influence of repeated bleedings does not essentially influence the protein changes induced by immunization . 
These remarkable regenerative processes are worthy of note . 
The results of our investigation indicate that in " forced " immunization , the same characteristic quantitative changes can occur in the blood proteins of both refractory horses and those yielding a highly potent antitoxic plasma . 
We cannot conclude , however , that the serumglobulin increase does not represent an accumulation of antitoxin , at least in part ; it is possible that other antibodies may be formed either prior to or along with the specific antitoxin and that these may constitute a portion of the increase in the more soluble serumglobulin with which protein such substances are associated . 
The daily drinking of three liters of water with meals , for a period of five days , by a man twenty - two years of age who was in a condition of nitrogen equilibrium through the ingestion of a uniform diet , was productive of the following findings : 1 . 
An increase in body weight , aggregating two pounds in five days . 
2 . 
An increased excretion of urinary nitrogen , the excess nitrogen being mainly in the form of urea , ammonia , and creatine . 
3 . 
A decreased excretion of creatinine and the coincident appearance of creatine in the urine . 
The decreased creatinine output is believed to indicate that the copious water drinking has stimulated protein catabolism . 
The appearance of creatine is considered evidence that the water has caused a partial muscular disintegration resulting in the release of creatine , but not profound enough to yield the total nitrogen content of the muscle . 
The output of creatine is , therefore , out of all proportion to the increase in the excretion of total nitrogen . 
4 . 
An increased output of ammonia which is interpreted as indicating an increased output of gastric juice . 
5 . 
A decreased excretion of feces and of fecal nitrogen , the decrease in the excretion of fecal nitrogen being of sufficient magnitude to secure a lowered excretion of both the bacterial and the non - bacterial nitrogen . 
6 . 
A decrease in the quantity of bacteria excreted daily . 
7 . 
An increase in the percentage of total nitrogen appearing as bacterial nitrogen . 
8 . 
A lower creatinine coefficient . 
9 . 
A more economical utilization of the protein constituents of the diet . 
10 . 
The general conclusion to be reached as the result of this experiment is to the effect that the drinking of a large amount of water with meals was attended by many desirable and by no undesirable features . 
1 . 
For the study of the character of nitrogen metabolism in nephritis the nitrogen intake of the patient needs to he regulated in such a manner that it should not exceed the nitrogen value which the diseased kidneys are capable of eliminating . 
2 . 
The eliminating capacity of the kidneys can he established in the following manner : the patient is placed on a diet containing a low proportion of protein ( equivalent to about 5 grams of nitrogen ) and a sufficient supply of calories . 
To this diet from day to day varying quantities of urea are added and the nitrogen output for every twenty - four hours is estimated . 
The highest nitrogen output under this condition is regarded as the maximum of the eliminating capacity of the kidneys for nitrogenous substances . 
3 . 
In the observations recorded in this communication the nitrogen output of the patient on the standard diet remained at 5 . 5 grams per day . 
The addition to the diet of 1 . 5 to 3 grams of nitrogen in form of urea caused a rise in the intake not exceeding 6 . 25 grams . 
On the basis of this , the diet was regulated so as not to exceed a nitrogen intake of 7 grams . 
4 . 
Comparing the rate of elimination of nitrogen after the administration of glycin , alanin , and asparagin with that after the administration of urea , there was noted a slower rate after the administration of the first two acids , and an equal rate after the administration of asparagin ( probably owing to the presence of an acid amid group in the molecule ) . 
5 . 
After the administration of excessive protein in addition to the standard diet , there was noted a much lower rate of nitrogen elimination than was to be expected in a normal man , on the basis of the work of Falta . 
6 . 
Of the total nitrogen removed in excess over that on the standard diet in our patient , 80 per cent . 
was in the form of urea , while in normal man , as calculated from the tables of Folin , one finds the proportion of urea to vary between 90 and 100 per cent . , while in a normal dog the proportion is always 100 per cent . 
7 . 
On the basis of these observations it was concluded that in our patient the rate of conversion of protein into simple nitrogenous substances and into urea is below the normal . 
8 . 
The patient remained for four months in a condition of nitrogenous equilibrium , and otherwise in good health , on a diet containing about 6 . 5 grams of nitrogen and 3 , 000 calories , which were reduced to 2 , 500 calories to prevent constant gain in weight . 
9 . 
From this it seems suggestive that also for dietetic - therapeutic purposes it may be of importance to establish the eliminating efficiency of the kidneys for nitrogenous substances . 
In reviewing the literature , no description of a lipemia occurring in relation to simple hemorrhage was found , so that the observation of the phenomenon here recorded would seem to be new . 
Very high percentages of fat have been found in the blood of diabetics . 
Fischer ' s case showed 18 . 1 per cent total ether extract . 
Of this very little was free fat ( 0 . 0018 gm . 
potassium hydroxide per gram of fat ) ; iodine absorption was 60 . 6 per cent . 
; cholesterin , 2 . 6 per cent . 
Chatin ' s case , cited by Fischer , showed 1 . 2 per cent . 
cholesterin , 66 . 5 per cent . 
olein , 32 . 2 per cent . 
margarin in the fat . 
Neisser and Derlin in the ether extract of blood from a patient with diabetic coma found 19 . 7 per cent . 
fat , with melting point of from 39 degrees to 41 degrees C . ; iodine absorption was 53 . 6 per cent . 
Javal in a similar case found 25 . 4 per cent . 
of fat in ether extract of dry serum ( perhaps by Soxhlet method ) ; 21 per cent . 
of the fat was lecithin . 
Bleibtreu produced alimentary lipemia in geese by feeding barley and butter . 
Ether extract of serum showed 6 per cent . 
of fat . 
The serum was milky with invisible droplets . 
Iodine absorption was 57 to 58 per cent . 
The fat was quite different , chemically , from the fat in the food . 
Lipemia disappeared a few days after discontinuing the forced feeding . 
Our experiments suggest , by analogy , the possible occurrence of lipemia in human anemias . 
In this connection it is of interest to note that we have recently demonstrated a moderate lipemia in a case of marked secondary anemia from hemorrhoids . 
The emaciation in such cases , as contrasted with the well - recognized conservation of the fat in pernicious anemia , suggests in human pathology a still further analogy which we now have under investigation . 
The fat in our lipemic rabbits differs from fats described above in its insolubility , as well as in its " constants . 
" The change after precipitation of calcium from the serum suggests that the fat may be present in the serum as a protein - calcium - lecithin combination which is decomposed by decalcifying . 
While we are not prepared to offer an explanation of the mechanism of this lipemia , it is possible that the great loss of tissue proteins may have some influence on the abnormal fat metabolism . 
That the fat is derived from the tissues is a fair inference when its occurrence in connection with the loss of weight and the previous disappearance of the body fat are taken into consideration . 
A more careful study of the lipase in the blood and tissues is desirable . 
It may be that lowered oxidation following great loss of red cells plays a part . 
1 . 
The high value in respect to complement - binding exhibited by blood sera from syphilitics and spinal fluids from general paralytics is associated with an excessively high content of globulin , but there does not exist a direct quantitative relation between the two . 
Cases of secondary syphilis which have been under prolonged and proper medication do not exhibit the globulin increase and usually fail to give the Wassermann reaction . 
The active substances entering into the Wassermann reaction are precipitable with the globulin and chiefly with the euglobulin fraction of the fluids . 
2 . 
Temperatures of 70 degrees to 76 degrees C . destroy the active substances . 
Exposed to sunlight the active substances deteriorate slowly . 
A photodynamic substance such as eosin , under the direct influence of the sun , brings about their complete and rapid destruction . 
This effect does not occur in the dark . 
The active substances are subject to tryptic and peptic digestion and are destroyed by weak acids and alkalies . 
3 . 
The active substances in the blood sera and spinal fluids cannot be separated from them or from the globulin precipitate by alcohol . 
4 . 
There are contained in the alcoholic extracts of normal and syphilitic blood and organs certain acetone - soluble lipoids which possess high antigenic values for the Wasserman reaction . 
Cholesterin is inactive and the bile salts less active than the lipoidal bodies . 
5 . 
Sodium cholate is about as active as sodium taurocholate and glycocholate , but neurin and cholin are inactive . 
A Contribution to the Bio - Chemistry of Haemolysis : - ( a ) Changes in Solubility of the Lipoids in presence of one another , and of certain Unsaturated Organic Substances . 
( b ) The Balancing Action of Certain Pairs of Haemolysers in Preventing Haemolysis . 
( c ) The Protective Action of Serum Proteins Against Haemolysers . 
( d ) The Effects of Oxydising and Reducing Agents Upon Haemolysis . 
From the liver of a young man who died of typical , " idiopathic " acute yellow atrophy of the liver , after an illness of six weeks , there were isolated and identified the following amino acids : Histidin , lysin , tyrosin , leucin , glycocoll , alanin , prolin , glutaminic acid , aspartic acid . 
These were found free in extracts of the liver , and presumably represent products of the autolysis of liver cells , although the amount of soluble non - protein nitrogen present in the extracts was so large as to suggest that there must be some other source for these substances . 
Small quantities of free proteoses and peptones , and of xanthin and hypoxanthin , were also found in the extracts . 
In the insoluble proteins of the liver the proportion of diamino acids was decreased slightly as compared with normal livers . 
The proportion of protein phosphorus was increased , probably because of active regenerative proliferation , while the sulphur was normal in amount . 
Iron was increased because of the large quantity of blood in the liver and the hematogenous pigmentation of the liver cells . 
Gelatigenous material was increased both absolutely and relatively , because of the loss of parenchyma and the proliferation of the stroma . 
The proportion of water to solids was much increased , there having been a loss of over two - thirds of the entire parenchymatous elements of the liver . 
The amount of fat , lecithin and cholesterin was not far from that normal for the liver . 
1 . 
Tetanolysin and antitetanolysin travel toward the cathode under the influence of an electric current . 
2 . 
The specific agg - lutinins are electro - positive . 
3 . 
The proteid matter of serum is not amphoteric but travels toward the cathode whether its reaction be acid , neutral , or alkaline . 
4 . 
The bacteria - agglutinin combination may be disassociated by means of the electric current . 
of frogs , all of the same sex , of the same comparative approximate weights , taken from the ground about the same time , kept awake and without food for nearly the same time , were divided into equal groups ; the one group was poisoned with phosphorus , the other group held as a control . 
The frogs in the poisoned group lost in dried residue 8 . 821 grm . 
or 16 . 5 per cent of the dried residue of the control group ; 1 . 182 grm . 
of nitrogen , corresponding to 7 . 388 of proteid , or 18 . 45 per cent of the nitrogen and protein in the control frogs ; 1 . 026 grm . 
of fat , or 22 . 64 per cent of the fat in the control animals ; and 0 . 261 grm . 
glycogen , or 13 . 3 + per cent of the glycogen in the control frogs . 
I believe that it is obvious that in these experiments no fats were produced from protein . 
Mathematically , it is possible to conceive that fats could have been formed but entirely burned up . 
As previously stated , the carbon in the proteid lost during the poisoning was equivalent to 4 . 600 grm . 
of fat , and it is conceivable that these 4 . 600 grm . 
of fat were formed , but that they , together with the 1 . 026 grm . 
of fat actually lost during the experiments , were burned . 
In brief , the fat combustion might have been tremendously increased , and masked an actual fat formation . 
This however is unsupported by evidence , and is highly improbable . 
It is hard to conceive that in an organism whose katabolic functions were greatly augmented as the result of phosphorus poisoning , in which protein , fat , and glycogen were being burned in excess , the carbon of the protein would first have been converted into fat and then the fat burned as such . 
I believe the only conclusion which can be drawn from these experiments is that no fat was formed as the result of phosphorus poisoning . 
Thus the fatty degenerations so - called which occurred in these frogs did not comprehend any formation of fat at all , but simply the deposition of fat . 
These results are directly opposite to those of Polimanti . 
Polimanti apparently did not weigh his animals before the beginning of the experiment , and based his calculations upon the relation of the fat to the dried residue . 
Obviously his calculation was based upon the assumption that the dried residue of a frog was unaffected by phosphorus poisoning . 
Polimanti , in declining to base his calculations upon the weight of the animals when dead , states that as water is often increased , such a calculation would be misleading . 
But since the dried residue may and does vary , calculations based upon it are also misleading , and thus the only proper basis of calculation is the original weight of the frogs before the experimentation . 
Calculated upon the basis of the dried residue , in my material the percentage of fat in the control animals was 8 . 48 per cent , in the poisoned animals 7 . 86 per cent , so that , even upon the basis of Polimanti ' s incorrect calculation , in my experiments fat was lost in notable quantity . 
Just before this study was completed , the publication of Athanasiu , ( 8 ) from Pflueger ' s laboratory , appeared . 
Operating with a large number of frogs , and under varying conditions , with careful methods and rigid controls , Athanasiu reached the conclusions : that phosphorus poisoning has no effect upon the total quantity of fat in frogs ; that it has little effect upon the nitrogen ; that it produces a diminution in the quantity of glycogen ; and that the fatty degenerations are really fatty infiltrations . 
While my results agree with those of Athanasiu in the essential point , that no fat was produced by phosphorus poisoning , they differ in that the poisoned frogs , in my experiments , lost fat and protein as well as glycogen , while his frogs lost only glycogen . 
Since our methods were almost the same , the differences must have resided either in the conditions surrounding the experiments , or in the animals . 
I do not believe that such differences exist between the Rana fusca and esculenta of Europe and the Rana palustris of America as to explain the differences in our results . 
These differences I believe may be explained by varying conditions . 
My animals were kept in a warm cellar , at a temperature of from 18 to 20 degrees C . The period of poisoning with Athanasiu ' s frogs varied from one to six days ; all of my frogs lived over six days , most of them ten or twelve days . 
Since we know that the katabolic actions of most poisons are greater in prolonged intoxications , it is fair to assume that the time element was the factor in the production of my results . 
While it would be unscientific and illogical to state that fat cannot be formed from protein , the fact stands that it has never been shown , either in physiology or pathology , that fats are formed from protein . 
On the contrary , nearly all of the careful work upon the question has yielded negative results . 
only has it never been shown that , in fatty degeneration so - called , fat is formed from the cellular protein , but it has never been demonstrated that fat is then formed at all , even from glucosides , etc . , substances from which fats may be readily formed . 
The BAG - 1 protein shares no significant homology with Bcl - 2 or other Bcl - 2 family proteins , which can form homo - and heterodimers .
The mitogenic effects of the B beta chain of fibrinogen are mediated through cell surface calreticulin .
It contains an Rb - binding motif that shares an antigenic epitope with the C terminus of E1A .
In yeast , Cdi1 interacts with cyclin - dependent kinases , including human Cdc2 , Cdk2 , and Cdk3 , but not with Cdk4 .
We have identified a new TNF - related ligand , designated human GITR ligand ( hGITRL ) , and its human receptor ( hGITR ) , an ortholog of the recently discovered murine glucocorticoid - induced TNFR - related ( mGITR ) protein [ 4 ] .
The p21 Cdk - interacting protein Cip1 is a potent inhibitor of G1 cyclin - dependent kinases .
Deletion analysis and binding studies demonstrate that a third enzyme , protein kinase C ( PKC ) , binds AKAP79 at a site distinct from those bound by PKA or CaN .
These antibodies also immunoprecipitated the cloned IL - 7R as a 90 - kDa species from both 125 - I - surface - labeled resting and activated T cells , but were unable to precipitate the 76 - kDa IL - 7R .
Glutathione S - transferase pulldown assays further indicate relatively strong direct interactions of both recombinant PTF gamma and PTF delta with TBP , consistent either with the natural association of TBP with PTF in a semistable TBP - TBP - associated factor complex or with possible functional interactions between PSE - bound PTF and TATA - bound TBP during promoter activation .
The activation domain of CBP interacts with the basal transcription factor TFIIB through a domain that is conserved in the yeast coactivator ADA - 1 ( ref . 8 ) .
Like antibodies to the beta 1 integrin subunit , anti - CD9 inhibited suspension - induced terminal differentiation .
A point mutation in FADD , analogous to the lpr mutation of Fas , abolishes its ability to bind Fas , suggesting a death domain to death domain interaction .
Thymocyte activation induces the association of phosphatidylinositol 3 - kinase and pp120 with CD5 .
The potency of eotaxin - 3 as a CCR3 ligand seems , however , to be approximately 10 - fold less than that of eotaxin .
The pattern of CD30L binding inhibition shows only limited correspondence to the functional capacity of some anti - CD30 MAb to trigger CD30 signaling .
Instead , 14 - 3 - 3 may facilitate the association of cdc25 with Raf - 1 in vivo , participating in the linkage between mitogenic signaling and the cell cycle machinery .
Phosphorylation of recombinant human c - Jun proteins in vitro by GSK - 3 decreases their DNA - binding activity .
Specifically , substitution of proline for Ala - 498 significantly diminished RII alpha binding , and similar mutation of Ile - 502 or Ile - 507 abolished interaction .
Previously , a mammalian protein that directly associates with FKBP12 - rapamycin has been identified and its encoding gene has been cloned from both human ( designated FRAP ) [ Brown , E . J . , Albers , M . W . , Shin , T . B . , Ichikawa , K . , Keith , C . T . , Lane , W . S . & Schreiber , S . L . ( 1994 ) Nature ( London ) 369 , 756 - 758 ] and rat ( designated RAFT ) [ Sabatini , D . M . , Erdjument - Bromage , H . , Lui , M . , Tempst , P . & Snyder , S . H . ( 1994 ) Cell 78 , 35 - 43 ] .
Deletion analysis indicates that TBP and hTAFII18 bind to distinct domains of hTAFII28 . hTAFII18 also interacts with TBP , but it interacts more strongly with hTAFII28 and hTAFII30 .
The interactions between cyclin E and CDC2 , or CDK2 , may be important at the G1 to S transition in human cells .
Substitution of Ala for Leu13 or Phe36 generates monomeric RII beta subunits that cannot bind AKAP75 .
The Fos / Jun and ATF / CREB families of transcription factors function in coupling extracellular signals to alterations in expression of specific target genes .
IL - 2 , IL - 4 , IL - 7 ( whose receptors are known to contain gamma c ) , and IL - 9 ( whose receptor is shown here to contain gamma c ) induced the tyrosine phosphorylation and activation of the Janus family tyrosine kinases Jak1 and Jak3 .
Liver - expressed chemokine ( LEC ) is an unusually large CC chemokine , which is also known as LMC , HCC - 4 , NCC - 4 , and CCL16 .
The formation of native heterotrimeric G alpha beta gamma complexes , as measured by pertussis toxin ADP - ribosylation of G alpha , could be disrupted by increasing amounts of Raf / 330 , with an EC50 of approximately 200 nM , in close agreement with the estimated binding affinity .
In order to characterize the signaling pathway through which FGFR3 regulates cell growth , L6 cells lacking any endogenous FGFR were stably transfected with the two different human isoforms , FGFR3 IIIb and FGFR3 IIIc , that result from alternative splicing of exon III of the FGFR3 gene encoding the ligand binding domain .
The main p47nck region implicated in the association with p66WASP was found to be the carboxy - terminal SH3 domain .
Hepatitis B virus X protein is a transcriptional modulator that communicates with transcription factor IIB and the RNA polymerase II subunit 5 .
Spectrin cagliari . an Ala - - > Gly substitution in helix 1 of beta spectrin repeat 17 that severely disrupts the structure and self - association of the erythrocyte spectrin heterodimer .
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES : RBP / TTR molar ratio after 7 days hospitalisation .
Three of these clones encode DNA binding proteins ( NF - IL6 beta , HMG I / Y , and SSRP ) , one clone encodes a chaperone protein , and another clone encodes a multifunctional phosphatase .
These very same hydrophobic residues contact the hdm - 2 and Ad5 E1B 55 - kD oncogene products .
We find that hTAFII32 is the human homologue of Drosophila TAFII40 .
A physical interaction between CDC37 and CDK4 suggests that CDC37 may regulate the mammalian cell cycle through a direct effect on CDK4 .
As previously shown with reticulocyte lysate - reconstituted steroid receptor heteroprotein complexes , the reconstituted pp60src multiprotein complex contains hsp70 , which is a major candidate for providing the protein unfoldase activity required for hsp90 association .
Interaction domains were mapped to codons 374 - 400 for PS1 and to codons 106 - 179 for Rab11 , a region including the fourth GTP - binding domain .
We demonstrate that HLA - E surface expression is correlated with the presence of MHC class I molecules which provide suitable leader sequence peptides capable of binding to HLA - E .
The cloned CSB gene encodes a member of a protein family that includes the yeast Snf2 protein , a component of the transcriptional regulator Swi / Snf .
USF specifically interacts with Fra1 but not with other closely related family members , c - Fos , Fra2 , FosB , or with c - Jun .
These cell lines showed mutations in K - ras and p53 at frequencies of 91 % and 95 % , respectively .
We have shown previously that Phe93 in the extracellular domain of the erythropoietin ( EPO ) receptor ( EPOR ) is crucial for binding EPO . Substitution of Phe93 with alanine resulted in a dramatic decrease in EPO binding to the Escherichia coli - expressed extracellular domain of the EPOR ( EPO - binding protein or EBP ) and no detectable binding to full - length mutant receptor expressed in COS cells .
By monitoring fluorescent recombinant protein and by gel mobility shift assays , PS1 was shown to accelerate the translocation of QM from the cytoplasm to the nucleus and to thereby suppress the binding of c - Jun homodimer to 12 - O - tetradecanoylphorbol - 13 - acetate ( TPA ) - responsive element ( TRE ) .
JNK1 : a protein kinase stimulated by UV light and Ha - Ras that binds and phosphorylates the c - Jun activation domain .
Co - expression of exogenous Fra1 restored the AP1 activity in a dose - dependent manner .
The effect on AP - 1 transcriptional activity results , in part , from enhanced phosphorylation of the c - Jun NH2 - terminal activation domain .
A protein ligand for the ECK receptor protein - tyrosine kinase has been isolated by using the extracellular domain ( ECK - X ) of the receptor as an affinity reagent .
The NF - kappaB / Rel family of transcription factors is one of the main targets of cytokines and other agents that induce HIV - 1 gene expression .
Association between cdc25A and cyclin B1 / cdc2 was detected in the HeLa cells .
Moreover , mutation of Raf - 1 residues 143 - 145 impairs binding of 14 - 3 - 3 , but not Ras , to the Raf - CRD .
Here we demonstrate that DP is also a family of polypeptides with at least two members ( hDP - 1 and hDP - 2 ) .
ET - 1 was significantly more potent than ET - 3 in both atrial ( P < 0 . 001 ) and ventricular ( P < 0 . 05 ) trabeculae .
As a result of this physical interaction , binding of h - TR beta 1 to its hormone response elements either as homodimer or as a heterodimer with the retinoic X receptor was inhibited by p53 in a concentration - dependent manner .
In resting human epithelial and fibroblastic cells , c - Jun is phosphorylated on serine and threonine at five sites , three of which are phosphorylated in vitro by glycogen synthase kinase 3 ( GSK - 3 ) .
Analysis of p53 , p21 ( CIP1 ) , p15 ( INK4b ) , p16 ( INK4a ) , and p57 ( KIP2 ) reveals altered expression in immortalized , non - tumorigenic HPV16 E6 and E7 prostate lines and in tumorigenic prostate cancer cells .
Molecular studies of the multiprotein TFIID complex have identified a primary TATA binding subunit ( TBP ) , TBP - associated factors ( TAFs ) that interact with and mediate the function of activators and intersubunit interactions but have yielded relatively little insight into the structural organization of the complex or the actual mechanism of transcriptional activation .
Cleavage of Ln - 5 by MMP2 and the resulting activation of the Ln - 5 cryptic site may provide new targets for modulation of tumor cell invasion and tissue remodeling .
This is the first report to demonstrate that two of cytosolic components of cytochrome b558 , p47 - phox binding to p67 - phox each other .
Only the activated and not the latent forms of wild - type and C - terminal mutant des - ( 248 - 450 ) - MMP - 1 proteins are able to form complexes with TIMP .
Thus HOX11 is a cellular oncogene that targets PP2A and PP1 , both of which are targets for oncogenic viruses and chemical tumour promoters .
These data imply that c - Cbl is a molecular adapter that regulates the function of Vav in thymocytes and peripheral T cells .
Fos and Jun oncoproteins form a complex that regulates transcription from promoters containing AP - 1 binding sites .
Our results indicate that Phe93 and Phe205 are important for both EPO and EMP1 binding , Met150 is not important for EPO binding but is critical for EMP1 binding , and Thr151 is not important for binding either ligand .
One protein is the major insulin receptor substrate IRS - 1 and the second is the SH2 domain - containing oncogenic protein , Shc .
Interaction between ATM protein and c - Abl in response to DNA damage .
In contrast to hTAFII28 , hTAFII18 is a TFIID beta - specific hTAFII . hTAFII20 is the homologue of p22 , an alternatively spliced form of dTAFII30 alpha ( p32 ) .
Consistently , LEC was found to bind to CCR1 , CCR2 and CCR5 with relatively low affinities .
Additionally we have examined interactions between TFIIH components , the human NER protein XPG , and the CSB protein which is implicated in Cockayne syndrome ( CS ) .
Mutant proteins were expressed in bacteria as soluble EPO binding proteins ( EBP ) and characterized for EPO binding activity in a number of different assays .
In all cells tested , IL - 10 activated Stat1 and Stat3 and induced the formation of three distinct DNA binding complexes that contained different combinations of these two transcription factors .
A protein kinase designated IRAK ( IL - 1 receptor - associated kinase ) was purified , and its complementary DNA was molecularly cloned .
Bacterially overexpressed human p23 was used to raise several monoclonal antibodies to p23 .
The substrate specificity , the expression pattern of this kinase , and the ability to deplete 50 % of this kinase activity with a CDK6 - specific antibody suggest that the CDK6 protein mediates , in part , the p27 - associated Rb - kinase activity .
In addition , HLA - E dissociates from TAP upon binding of MHC class I leader sequence peptides .
Identification of an 11 - kDa FKBP12 - rapamycin - binding domain within the 289 - kDa FKBP12 - rapamycin - associated protein and characterization of a critical serine residue .
The structure also reveals the final six C - terminal amino acid residues of IFN - gamma SC1 ( residues 253 - 258 ) that have not been observed in any other reported IFN - gamma structures .
Thus , our data show that both calnexin and calreticulin interact with Glut 1 in a glycosylation - dependent manner .
Affinity chromatography and co - immunoprecipitation assays provide evidence for direct interaction of E2F - 1 and p50 in the absence of their DNA target sequences .
Determination of TNFalpha , complement factors C3 and C4 , and alpha1AT may be a significant parameter in the differential diagnosis of serous effusions , particularly in those patients with malignant disease .
Similarly , in mammalian cells the cyclic adenosine 3 ' , 5 ' - monophosphate - dependent protein kinase ( PKA ) and phosphatase 2B [ calcineurin ( CaN ) ] are complexed by an A kinase anchoring protein , AKAP79 .
Accordingly , a number of population studies have explored the association of ischaemic heart disease with gene polymorphisms of the inflammatory molecules tumour necrosis factors ( TNF ) alpha and beta , transforming growth factors ( TGF ) beta1 and 2 , interleukin ( IL ) 1 and its receptor antagonist ( IL 1ra ) , CD14 ( the receptor for lipopolysaccharide ) , P and E selectins , and platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule ( PECAM ) 1 .
Multiple proteins physically interact with PU . 1 . Transcriptional synergy with NF - IL6 beta ( C / EBP delta , CRP3 ) .
Mutagenesis of the erythropoietin receptor ( EPOR ) permits analysis of the contribution that individual amino acid residues make to erythropoietin ( EPO ) binding .
Both GRB2 and sem - 5 have been implicated in a highly conserved mechanism that regulates p21ras signalling by receptor tyrosine kinases .
Moreover , a partial recombinant TFIID complex containing hTAFII32 was capable of mediating in vitro transcriptional activation by the VP16 activation domain .
A TRAF2 mutant lacking its N - terminal RING finger domain is a dominant - negative inhibitor of TNF - mediated NF - kappa B activation , but does not affect TNF - induced apoptosis .
These results , along with other recent findings , suggest a novel role for the interaction between GAP - 43 and CaM .
Two distinct ligand binding domains of TRKB were isolated from proteolytic digests of the receptor by affinity separation on immobilized BDNF .
PKC phosphorylates GAP - 43 on serine 41 .
The interactions of hsp70 and hsp90 in intermediate PR complexes are shown to be distinct from their separate interactions in early PR complexes ( hsp70 ) or in mature PR complexes ( hsp90 ) .
Finally , we used in vitro translated proteins in an immunoprecipitation assay to show that , like beta 1 - syntrophin , both beta 2 - and alpha 1 - syntrophin interact with peptides encoding the syntrophin - binding region of dystrophin , utrophin / dystrophin related protein , and the Torpedo 87K protein .
The glut 1 glucose transporter interacts with calnexin and calreticulin .
In TEN we also found significantly higher levels of sIL - 2R in the blister fluid compared with serum samples , pointing to a predominantly local production contrasting with the low concentration of sIL - 2R in the blister fluid of burned patients .
Using radiolabeled PU . 1 protein as a probe , we screened a B cell cDNA expression library and isolated a number of clones encoding PU . 1 interacting proteins .
Immunoprecipitation experiments employing a polyclonal anti - calreticulin antibody provided further evidence that the 60 - kDa protein isolated in this study was calreticulin .
BMP - 4 and BMP - 6 involvement in the osteogenic properties of the HeLa cell line .
These results indicate that there is an additional mechanism by which Rb suppresses cell growth , namely that Rb directly represses transcription of the rRNA genes .
Recombinant neuregulin - 2beta induces the tyrosine - phosphorylation of ErbB2 , ErbB3 and ErbB4 in cell lines expressing all of these ErbB - family receptors .
Overexpression of wild - type Cdi1 delays progression through the cell cycle in yeast and HeLa cells ; delay is dependent on Cdi1 phosphatase activity .
In vitro protein - protein interaction assays reveal that as observed with Drosophila TAFII40 , hTAFII32 interacts with the C - terminal 39 - amino acid activation domain of the acidic transactivator viral protein 16 ( VP16 ) as well as with the general transcription factor TFIIB .
The SH2 / SH3 - containing protein Vav also contains a guanine nucleotide exchange factor domain , and Vav has a crucial role in thymocyte development and activation of peripheral T cells following stimulation through the TCR .
Cyclin E showed genetic interactions with the CDC28 gene , suggesting that it functioned at START by interacting with the CDC28 protein .
Biochemical studies established that some coactivators are associated with the TATA - binding protein ( TBP ) to form the TFIID complex .
Thus , during p53 - mediated suppression of cell proliferation , p21 and PCNA may be important for coordinating cell - cycle progression , DNA replication and repair of damaged DNA .
COS - 7 cells transfected with the IL - 13R cDNA bind IL - 13 with high affinity but do not bind IL - 4 .
Protein - protein interactions were measured by expression of these fusion proteins in Saccharomyces cerevisiae harboring lacZ ( beta - galactosidase ) and LEU2 ( leucine utilization ) genes under the control of LexA - dependent operators .
We have probed an epitope sequence ( His18 - Pro19 - Lys20 - Phe21 ) in interleukin - 8 ( IL - 8 ) by site - directed mutagenesis .
We studied the human IL - 6 ( hIL - 6 ) / hIL - 6R binding interface by a combination of molecular modelling and site - directed mutagenesis .
However , expression of the death domain of RIP Induces apoptosis , but potently inhibits NF - kappa B activation by TNF .
We established a strong correlation between chromatin activity of lymphocytes and the serum concentration of IL - 1beta , IL - 6 , and IL - 10 , which are the active participants in the pro - and anti - inflammatory program in atherogenesis .
We find that p53 , p21 ( CIP1 ) and p15 ( INK4b ) are transiently elevated in HPECs and HUCs at the pre - senescent growth arrest , then return to low proliferating levels at terminal senescence .
Platelet - derived growth factor C ( PDGF - C ) , a novel growth factor that binds to PDGF alpha and beta receptor .
The death domain of tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) receptor - 1 ( TNFR1 ) triggers distinct signaling pathways leading to apoptosis and NF - kappa B activation through its interaction with the death domain protein TRADD .
Physical and functional interactions between the transcriptional inhibitors Id3 and ITF - 2b . Evidence toward a novel mechanism regulating muscle - specific gene expression .
As expected , overexpression of either Id3 / HLH462 or ITF - 2b effectively inhibited the activation of the muscle - specific creatine kinase promoter by the myogenic transcription factor MyoD .
Specificity was further shown by the finding that no significant interaction was observed in yeast expressing LexA - Abeta bait when the B42 transactivation domain was fused to an Abeta fragment with Phe - Phe at residues 19 and 20 replaced by Thr - Thr ( AbetaTT ) , a finding that is consistent with in vitro observations made by others .
RESULTS : In the blister fluid of patients with TEN , we found significantly higher levels of sIL - 2R than in patients with burns , whereas IL - 1alpha levels were higher in the blister fluid of burned patients .
Mutations within the KDR site had minimal effect on FLT - 1 binding , and mutants deficient in FLT - 1 binding did not affect KDR binding .
When expressed in mammalian cells , the RAS binding domain of RIN1 can act as a dominant negative signal transduction blocker .
These results suggest that both ET ( A ) and ET ( B ) receptors mediate positive inotropic responses at both the atrial and ventricular level in the human heart .
Both hDP - 1 and hDP - 2 bind to all E2F family members in vivo , and each complex is capable of activating transcription .
Native C8 also formed a heterodimer with C5 , and low concentrations of polyionic ligands such as protamine and suramin inhibited the interaction .
Functional studies in Jurkat T lymphocytic cells point to the importance of both the E2F and NF - kappaB binding sites in E2F - 1 mediated repression of HIV - 1 promoter , in vivo .
Interactions with human PARP and mouse replication factor 1a were confirmed using glutathione transferase - tagged cDNAs .
The protein Raf - 1 , a key mediator of mitogenesis and differentiation , associates with p21ras ( refs 1 - 3 ) .
RESULTS : After 7 days hospitalisation , molar RBP : TTR ratio ( mean + / - s . d . ) of infected children ( C - reactive proteins > 10 mg / l ) was 0 . 67 + / - 0 . 31 in the high - dose group ( n = 81 ) , 0 . 74 + / - 0 . 44 in the low dose group ( n = 71 ) and 0 . 73 + / - 0 . 39 in the placebo group ( n = 81 ) . These values did not differ significantly ( one - way ANOVA P = 0 . 472 ) . In patients with baseline serum retinol concentrations < 0 . 70 micromol / l , changes in RBP : TTR ratio between admission and day 7 were not statistically different in the three groups ( one - way ANOVA P = 0 . 548 ) . CONCLUSIONS : In this population of malnourished hospitalised children , molar RBP : TTR ratio does not appear to be useful to assess VA status during infection . SPONSORSHIP : Our research was partially supported by a grant from the Fonds de la Recherche Scientifique et Medicale ( contract 3 . 4505 . 94 ) and the David and Alice Van Buuren Foundation .
After pervanadate treatment of MvLu cells , which inhibits cellular tyrosine phosphatase activity including PTPmu , the cadherins associated with PTPmu are now found in a tyrosine - phosphorylated form , indicating that the cadherins may be an endogenous substrate for PTPmu .
Human cyclin E , a new cyclin that interacts with two members of the CDC2 gene family .
Therefore , we suggested that this fragment is implicated in the neurotoxicity of Abeta and in the protective effects of apolipoprotein E in Alzheimer ' s disease .
MyoD prevents cyclinA / cdk2 containing E2F complexes formation in terminally differentiated myocytes .
Flt1 and Flk1 have been shown to play key roles in vascular development ; these two receptors bind and are activated by vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) .
Characterization of an interaction between insulin receptor substrate 1 and the insulin receptor by using the two - hybrid system .
By contrast stimulation with TPO leads to the formation of a Grb2 complex containing JAK2 .
IFN - gamma SC1 was derived by linking the two peptide chains of the IFN - gamma dimer by a seven - residue linker and changing His111 in the first chain to an aspartic acid residue .
The switch II region of Ras is stabilized by GAP - 334 , thus allowing glutamine - 61 of Ras , mutation of which activates the oncogenic potential , to participate in catalysis .
In keeping with this observation , we showed that human CD26 - transfected murine pre - B cell lines lacking human ADA acquired ADA from an extracellular source .
Abnormal levels of GFAp and NFL were significantly associated with increasing CSF cell number and protein concentration , and with the absence of lymph nodes or the absence of trypanosomes in lymph node aspirate .
Lastly , in agreement with our findings for yeast cells , we show that the insulin receptor is unable to phosphorylate an IRS - 1 protein containing a deletion of amino acids 45 to 516 when expressed in COS cells .
RIP : a novel protein containing a death domain that interacts with Fas / APO - 1 ( CD95 ) in yeast and causes cell death .
This work shows that single and double Ala substitutions of His18 and Phe21 in IL - 8 reduced up to 77 - fold the binding affinity to IL - 8 receptor subtypes A ( CXCR1 ) and B ( CXCR2 ) and to the Duffy antigen .
We show here that Cdc25 phosphatase associates with raf1 in somatic mammalian cells and in meiotic frog oocytes .
In gene transfer experiments using a human lymphoid cell line , Jurkat , coexpression of BAG - 1 and Bcl - 2 provided markedly increased protection from cell death induced by several stimuli , including staurosporine , anti - Fas antibody , and cytolytic T cells , relative to cells that contained gene transfer - mediated elevations in either BAG - 1 or Bcl - 2 protein alone .
In vitro - binding assays demonstrated that PP - 1 alpha isoforms preferentially bind the hypophosphorylated form of p110RB .
In the present study , we examined both the binding of ADA and CD26 and the functional consequences of this interaction .
The binding of IL - 1alpha or IL - 1beta to IL1R is an early step in IL - 1 signal transduction and blocking this interaction may therefore be a useful target for the development of new drugs .
The SH2 / SH3 domain - containing protein GRB2 interacts with tyrosine - phosphorylated IRS1 and Shc : implications for insulin control of ras signalling .
Sos complex following Sos phosphorylation .
A new cytokine - receptor binding mode revealed by the crystal structure of the IL - 1 receptor with an antagonist .
Mutagenesis , recombinant protein expression , and physicochemical characterization were used to investigate the structural basis for the homodimerization and AKAP75 binding activities of RII beta .
The binding of hTAFII28 and hTAFII30 requires distinct domains of hTAFII18 .
Chloramphenicol acetyltransferase assays in F9 cells showed that PS1 suppresses transactivation by c - Jun / c - Jun but not by c - Jun / c - Fos heterodimers , consistent with the reported function of QM / Jif - 1 .
These results suggest that distinct domains of RIP participate in the TNF signaling cascades leading to apoptosis and NF - kappa B activation .
CD5 associates with the T - cell receptor zeta chain ( TcR zeta ) / CD3 complex and is rapidly phosphosphorylated on tyrosine residues as a result of TcR zeta / CD3 ligation .
Expression of FGFR3 IIIc in stably transfected L6 cells conferred growth responses to several members of the FGF family including FGF - 1 , - 2 , - 4 , and - 6 , while FGFR3 IIIb - expressing cells responded only to FGF - 1 .
Overexpression of FADD in MCF7 and BJAB cells induces apoptosis , which , like Fas - induced apoptosis , is blocked by CrmA , a specific inhibitor of the interleukin - 1 beta - converting enzyme .
Following linkage studies which were most consistent with a beta spectrin gene mutation , a nucleotide change was identified in codon 2018 , resulting in an Ala - - > Gly substitution in the first helical domain of beta spectrin repeat 17 .
The structure of the complex shows that the 53BP2 binding site on the p53 core domain consists of evolutionarily conserved regions that are frequently mutated in cancer and that it overlaps the site of DNA binding .
Here we describe the crystal structure at 2 . 7 A resolution of the soluble extracellular part of type - I IL1R complexed with IL1RA .
Further studies on the interaction of HLA - E with molecules in the endoplasmic reticulum revealed that HLA - E associates with the transporter associated with antigen processing ( TAP ) and calreticulin , and that HLA - E expression is TAP - dependent and tapasin - dependent .
A newly identified member of tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily ( TR6 ) suppresses LIGHT - mediated apoptosis .
Using a protein interaction cloning technique , we identified cDNAs that encode a novel Bcl - 2 - binding protein , termed BAG - 1 .
TRAP is highly similar to an identified murine CD40 ligand both at the cDNA ( 82 . 8 % identity ) and the protein ( 77 . 4 % identity ) levels , and related to tumor necrosis factor / lymphotoxin .
This overview summarizes the current knowledge on plasminogen activator inhibitor - 1 ( PAI - 1 ) in the progression of atherosclerosis and the influence of MMPs in aneurysm formation .
Several hydrophobic amino acids in the p53 amino - terminal domain are required for transcriptional activation , binding to mdm - 2 and the adenovirus 5 E1B 55 - kD protein .
Identification of a critical ligand binding determinant of the human erythropoietin receptor . Evidence for common ligand binding motifs in the cytokine receptor family .
Desmoplakin ( DPI ) , a desmosomal component lacking a transmembrane domain , has been implicated in this interaction , although most studies have been conducted with cells that contain few or no desmosomes , and efforts to demonstrate direct interactions between desmoplakin and intermediate filaments have not been successful .
Using an in vitro transcription / translation assay method coupled with proteolysis studies , we have identified an 11 - kDa FKBP12 - rapamycin - binding domain within FRAP .
In addition , we identified domains within YY1 and Sp1 that mediate their interactions with each other .
Here we report the cDNA cloning and characterization of a human type II receptor for BMPs ( BMPR - II ) , which is distantly related to DAF - 4 , a BMP type II receptor from Caenorhabditis elegans .
TR6 ( decoy receptor 3 ( DcR3 ) ) is a new member of the tumor necrosis factor receptor ( TNFR ) family .
Mutational analysis of p60 indicates that the N terminus is required for hsp70 binding , and a central region containing tetratricopeptide repeat motifs is necessary for binding hsp90 and hsp70 .
Proto - oncoprotein Vav interacts with c - Cbl in activated thymocytes and peripheral T cells .
The activity of NMDA ( N - methyl - D - aspartate ) receptors is mechanosensitive and dependent on the integrity of actin , suggesting a functionally important interaction between NMDA receptors and the postsynaptic cytoskeleton . alpha - Actinin - 2 , a member of the spectrin / dystrophin family of actin - binding proteins , is identified here as a brain postsynaptic density protein that colocalizes in dendritic spines with NMDA receptors and the putative NMDA receptor - clustering molecule PSD - 95 . alpha - Actinin - 2 binds by its central rod domain to the cytoplasmic tail of both NR1 and NR2B subunits of the NMDA receptor , and can be immunoprecipitated with NMDA receptors and PSD - 95 from rat brain .
Association of CDK4 with both CDC37 and HSP90 may also imply a mechanistic link between the functions of CDC37 and HSP90 .
Due to its increased affinity for the IL - 6R but its decreased ability to couple with gp130 , we suggest that a stable IL - 6 dimer may be an efficient IL - 6 antagonist .
BMP - 2 antagonists emerge from alterations in the low - affinity binding epitope for receptor BMPR - II .
Somatic cell hybrids and fluorescent in situ hybridization were both used to determine their chromosomal locations : beta 2 - syntrophin to chromosome 16q22 - 23 and alpha 1 - syntrophin to chromosome 20q11 . 2 .
RESULTS : Using Cox univariate analysis , we determined that angiolymphatic tumor emboli and non - well - differentiated tumor cells were two significant conventional pathologic predictors of tumor recurrence , and that ErbB - 1 and ErbB - 3 were also significant predictors .
In agreement , mAb to the previously cloned IL - 7R were found to stain unstimulated T cells that express only the p90 IL - 7R but not T - cell clones that express predominantly the p76 IL - 7R .
Binding assays with truncation mutants of GST - Raf indicate that the region located between amino acids 136 and 239 is a primary determinant for interaction with G beta gamma .
Gastrin stimulates tyrosine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate 1 and its association with Grb2 and the phosphatidylinositol 3 - kinase .
Studies with monoclonal antibodies specific for the IL - 2 receptor gamma chain showed that the gamma chain participates in the functional high - affinity receptor complexes for IL - 7 that are involved in the differentiation of T and B cells .
We report chemotaxis and competitive binding studies that show LEC binds to and activates CCR1 and CCR8 transfected HEK - 293 cells .
Mutagenesis studies of the human erythropoietin receptor . Establishment of structure - function relationships .
LexA protein fused to the Drosophila protein bicoid ( LexA - bicoid ) failed to interact with the B42 fragment fused to Abeta , indicating that the observed Abeta - Abeta interaction was specific .
TNF - alpha treatment of 293 / TNF - R2 cells did not significantly affect the degree or pattern of phosphorylation .
Here we show that Vav and c - Cbl form inducible molecular complexes in TCR - activated murine thymocytes and peripheral T cells as well as pervanadate - treated T cells .
Site - specific mutants were expressed in Escherichia coli as soluble EBP and analyzed for EPO binding in several different assay formats .
On the other hand , cells expressing ADA and CD26 on the surface were much more resistant to the inhibitory effect of adenosine .
Here , a direct interaction between the activation domain of p53 and two subunits of the TFIID complex , TAFII40 and TAFII60 , is reported .
Deletion of this domain impairs RAP74 ' s ability to support SRF - activated transcription in vitro but has little effect on the protein ' s basal transcription activity or its ability to support SP1 - activated transcription .
Since p60 is typically found in a complex with hsp90 and hsp70 , we have further characterized its interactions with these proteins .
Alanine - scanning mutagenesis was used to identify a positively charged surface in VEGF that mediates binding to KDR / Flk - 1 .
The pleiotropic biological activities of interleukin - 1 ( IL - 1 ) are mediated by its type I receptor ( IL - 1RI ) .
Like mIL - 10R , hIL - 10R is structurally related to IFNR .
The increased binding affinity of IL - 6D appears to be due to its ability to cross - link two sIL - 6R molecules on the biosensor surface .
Additionally , in the absence of gp120 , an interaction between a two - domain CD4 fragment and CCR - 5 was observed .
In the present study , we examined the presence of glucocorticoid receptors ( GRs ) and cyclooxygenase - 2 ( COX - 2 ) in the nasal polyps of nonallergic patients as compared with normal controls .
TFIID is a multisubunit protein complex comprised of the TATA - binding protein ( TBP ) and multiple TBP - associated factors ( TAFs ) .
p21 controls CDK activity , thereby affecting cell - cycle control , whereas PCNA functions in both DNA replication and repair .
This largest TAF may therefore play a central role in TFIID assembly by interacting with both TBP and other TAFs , as well as serving to link the control of transcription to the cell cycle .
The encoded product of the neuregulin - 2 gene has a motif structure similar to that of neuregulins and an alternative splicing site in the epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) - like domain gives rise to two isoforms ( alpha and beta ) .
TAP - and tapasin - dependent HLA - E surface expression correlates with the binding of an MHC class I leader peptide .
A rabbit reticulocyte lysate system that has been used to reconstitute functional complexes between steroid receptors and the 90 - kDa heat shock protein ( hsp90 ) has been used here to form complexes between the pp60src tyrosine kinase and hsp90 .
Secreted LT - alpha is a homotrimer that binds to distinct TNF receptors of 60 and 80 kilodaltons ; however , these receptors do not recognize the major cell surface LT - alpha - LT - beta complex .
Although the cytotoxic activity of mutant Y218D was unaltered , mutant Y218R was inactive , correlating with the prediction that Tyr - 218 of FasL interacts with a cluster of three basic amino acid side chains of Fas .
It was observed that anti - gp130 antibodies abolished cell proliferation , protein tyrosine phosphorylation , and junB gene expression elicited by IL - 11 or IL - 6 in TF - 1 cells .
We demonstrate that the 53 amino acids encoded on exon 74 of dystrophin , an alternatively spliced exon , are necessary and sufficient for interaction with translated beta 1 - syntrophin in our assay .
In competition experiments , the carboxyl terminus of beta - adrenergic receptor kinase ( beta ARK ) blocked the binding of G beta gamma to Raf / 330 ; however , the Raf - 1 - binding proteins , Ras and 14 - 3 - 3 , had no effect .
Furthermore , the 60 - kilodalton subunit of SF3a is related to the yeast splicing protein PRP9 .
PDGF - C is a multidomain protein with the N - terminal region homologous to the extracellular CUB domain of neuropilin - 1 , and the C - terminal region consists of a growth factor domain ( GFD ) with homology to vascular endothelial growth factor ( 25 % ) and PDGF A - chain ( 23 % ) .
We have previously identified a nuclear protein of M ( r ) 265K , CBP , that binds specifically to the PKA - phosphorylated form of CREB .
Immunoprecipitation experiments further reveal that the fully assembled receptor complex is composed of two IL - 6 , two IL - 6R alpha and two gp130 molecules .
Here we report the cloning , expression , and biochemical characterization of the 32 - kDa subunit of human ( h ) TFIID , termed hTAFII32 .
RESULTS : TH , AADC and GCH were effectively coexpressed in transduced cells with three separate AAV vectors , AAV - TH , AAV - AADC and AAV - GCH .
The interleukin - 1beta ( IL - 1beta ) converting enzyme ( ICE ) processes the inactive IL - 1beta precursor to the proinflammatory cytokine .
CONCLUSION : The triple transduction of TH , AADC and GCH genes with separate AAV vectors is effective , which might be important to gene therapy for Parkinson ' s disease .
The structure provides evidence that the 53BP2 - p53 complex forms in vivo and may have a critical role in the p53 pathway of tumor suppression .
By rational mutagenesis , receptor - specific functional analysis , and visualization of complex formation in solution , we identified individual amino acid side chains involved specifically in the interaction of ciliary neurotrophic factor ( CNTF ) with CNTFR alpha and not with the beta - components , gp130 and LIFR .
The carboxy - terminal region of dystrophin has previously been shown to interact directly with alpha1 syntrophin , a cytoplasmic component of the dystrophin - glycoprotein complex , by in vitro biochemical studies such as overlay assay or immunoprecipitation .
Using SHPTP2 as bait and supplying an exogenous tyrosine kinase gene to the yeast cells , we have found that SHPTP2 interacts with another signaling protein , Grb7 .
Some HBx substitution mutants , which had severely impaired transacting activity , exhibited reduced binding affinity with either TFIIB or RPB5 in a mutually exclusive manner , suggesting that HBx transactivation requires the interactions of both RPB5 and TFIIB .
Presenilin 1 suppresses the function of c - Jun homodimers via interaction with QM / Jif - 1 .
The T - cell antigen CD5 acts as a receptor and substrate for the protein - tyrosine kinase p56lck .
The novel fold of the TNF receptor structure is likely to be representative of the nerve growth factor ( NGF ) / TNF receptor family as a whole .
These results suggest that PS1 and PS2 partly differ in function .
Vav / c - Cbl interactions are also detectable in freshly isolated T cells from gene - targeted mice that lack the T cell - specific inhibitory receptor CTLA - 4 , in which c - Cbl is hyperphosphorylated on tyrosine residues .
We show that the physical interaction between YY1 and p300 , a coactivator for CREB , is not sufficient for repression of CREB - mediated transcription .
Sos in complex with a previously identified 90 - kDa protein and designated protein 80K - H .
A bacterially expressed 318 - amino acid fragment , Ht 31 ( 418 - 736 ) , containing the amphipathic helix region , was able to bind RII alpha .
We now find that HIV - 1 begins reverse transcription much more efficiently in DCs than T cells , even though T cells have higher levels of CD4 and gp120 binding .
Electrophoretic mobility shift assays showed that PU . 1 and NF - IL6 beta can simultaneously bind to adjacent DNA binding sites , but apparently do not influence the kinetics or affinity of each other ' s DNA binding .
Taken together , our results suggest that IRS - 1 may serve as a converging target in the signaling pathways stimulated by receptors that belong to different families , such as the gastrin / CCKB G protein - coupled receptor and the insulin receptor .
Thus , U2AF35 functions as a bridge between U2AF65 and the enhancer complex to recruit U2AF65 to the adjacent intron .
The stimulation of Sp1 - mediated transcription by RB in ts13 cells at the nonpermissive temperature could be restored by the introduction of wild - type human TAFII250 .
JNK1 binds to the c - Jun transactivation domain and phosphorylates it on Ser - 63 and Ser - 73 .
In vivo association between USF and Fra1 has been demonstrated by co - immunoprecipitation .
IRAK : a kinase associated with the interleukin - 1 receptor .
In vitro binding studies demonstrated that the intracellular segment of PTPmu binds directly to the intracellular domain of E - cadherin , but not to alpha - or beta - catenin .
Bone morphogenetic protein - 2 ( BMP - 2 ) induces bone formation and regeneration in adult vertebrates and regulates important developmental processes in all animals .
Activation of lacZ upon interaction of p85 with IR beta ( delta C - 43 ) was 4 - fold less as compared to IR beta .
We used the interaction trap , a yeast genetic selection for interacting proteins , to isolate human cyclin - dependent kinase interactor 1 ( Cdi1 ) .
We also found another armadillo - protein , p0071 , interacted with PS1 .
Thrombopoietin ( TPO ) is a hematopoietin important for megakaryocyte proliferation and production of blood platelets .
The physical interaction between YY1 and Sp1 may thus form the basis for the functional interplay observed previously .
These findings imply that IL - 11 and IL - 6 share similar early signaling events with the possibility of using the same signal transducer , gp130 .
Characterization of the retinoblastoma binding proteins RBP1 and RBP2 .
The six most frequently observed p53 mutations disrupt 53BP2 binding in vitro .
Unlabeled TNF - alpha and TNF - beta were equally effective at displacing the binding of labeled TNF - alpha to TNF - R expressing cells .
Cross - family dimerization of transcription factors Fos / Jun and ATF / CREB alters DNA binding specificity .
The region of hLIF most important for binding to the hLIF - R is composed of residues from the amino terminus of the D - helix , carboxyl terminus of the B - helix , and C - D loop .
Coexpression of the alpha and betaL subunits of the human interferon alpha ( IFNalpha ) receptor is required for the induction of an antiviral state by human IFNalpha .
These findings suggest that FADD may play an important role in the proximal signal transduction of Fas .
In this context , we examined the possibility that HBx and RPB5 interact with other general transcription factors .
As CD9 forms complexes with beta 1 integrins and the integrins are known to regulate keratinocyte behaviour , we investigated CD9 expression and function in human epidermal keratinocytes .
Crystal structure of the p27Kip1 cyclin - dependent - kinase inhibitor bound to the cyclin A - Cdk2 complex .
Furthermore , the F93A mutation in full - length EPOR expressed in COS cells abolished detectable EPO binding .
When the ligand binds , IL - 1RI initiates a signaling cascade that results in the activation of the transcription regulator nuclear factor kappa B ( NF - kappa B ) .
The results are not due to general misfolding since mutant RII beta monomers bind cAMP and inhibit the catalytic subunit of PKAII beta with the same affinity and efficacy as wild - type RII beta dimers .
Deglycosylation studies showed that the p90 and p76 IL - 7R are not simply differently glycosylated isoforms of a single receptor .
These findings suggest that one function of c - Raf - 1 in mitogenic signaling is to phosphorylate and activate MAP kinase kinase .
In vitro protein - RNA interaction studies with pre - mRNAs containing either a constitutive or regulated splicing enhancer revealed that U2AF35 directly mediates interactions between U2AF65 and proteins bound to the enhancers .
Reticulocyte lysate forms complexes between hsp90 and a temperature - sensitive mutant of Rous sarcoma virus pp60v - src , which is normally present in cytosol virtually entirely in the multiprotein complex form .
Endogenous TTR - A beta complexes were detected in human CSF by immunoprecipitation .
These data demonstrate that Stat3 but not Stat1 or Stat5 is directly recruited to the ligand - activated IL - 10 receptor by binding to specific but redundant receptor intracellular domain sequences containing phosphotyrosine .
In addition , PCR analysis of p76 - expressing cells could not detect splicing of the extracellular domain of the cloned IL - 7R , thereby excluding the possibility that the p76 IL - 7R is a previously undescribed splice variant of the cloned IL - 7R .
Binding of OP - 1 / BMP - 7 to BMPR - II was also observed in nontransfected cell lines .
Cdi1 , a human G1 and S phase protein phosphatase that associates with Cdk2 .
These results reveal differences not only in subunit composition , but also in the organization of dTFIID and hTFIID complexes .
Moreover , cyclin D1 was found to be phosphorylated on tyrosine residues in vivo and , like cyclin A , was readily phosphorylated by pp60c - src in vitro .
The primary amino acid sequence of IRAK shares similarity with that of pelle , a protein kinase that is essential for the activation of a NF - kappa B homolog in Drosophila .
In addition , a possible role for Gas6 , the product of growth arrest - specific gene 6 , in atherosclerotic lesion development is put into perspective .
Analysis of the human interleukin - 6 / human interleukin - 6 receptor binding interface at the amino acid level : proposed mechanism of interaction .
Measurement of RII alpha I3A , I5A interaction with the human thyroid AKAP , Ht 31 , by two independent methods suggests that mutation of isoleucines 3 and 5 decreases affinity by at least 6 - fold .
Our results demonstrated that the first 82 amino acids ( AAs ) ( AAs 265 - 346 ) of the cytoplasmic domain of the betaL chain are sufficient to activate the Jak - Stat pathway and trigger an antiviral state after IFNalpha2 binding to the receptor .
The general transcription factor TFIID nucleates initiation complex formation through direct core promoter binding , commits promoters within chromatin to transcription , and mediates the action of transcriptional activators , a phenomenon that may correlate with enhanced TFIID recruitment or conformational changes in TFIID - promoter complexes .
BMP - 2 was detected in mesenchymal cells in the outer fibrous layer and chondrocytes in the inner cartilaginous matrix , positive for Col III and Col II , respectively .
Using these methods , we have identified residues that appear to be involved in EPO binding as well as other residues , most of which are conserved in receptors of the cytokine receptor family , that appear to be necessary for the proper folding and / or stability of the EPOR .
A cDNA encoding part of the nucleolin protein sequence interacted with the E47 basic - helix - loop - helix only when fused to a beta - galactosidase tag .
We have determined the X - ray crystal structure of a heterodimer of the bZIP regions of c - Fos and c - Jun bound to DNA .
We present evidence that mitogen - activated protein - serine ( MAP ) kinases ( pp54 and pp42 / 44 ) specifically phosphorylate these sites and that their phosphorylation positively regulates the transacting activity of c - jun .
Here we report the crystal structure of the FGFR2 ectodomain in a dimeric form that is induced by simultaneous binding to FGF1 and a heparin decasaccharide .
Elf - 1 is a lymphoid - specific Ets transcription factor that regulates inducible gene expression during T cell activation .
Native C8 and C9 formed a heterodimer in solution of physiological ionic strength with a free - energy change DeltaG degrees of - 8 . 3 kcal / mol and a dissociation constant Kd of 0 . 6 microM ( at 20 degrees C ) that was ionic strength - and temperature - dependent .
Correlations between GFAp and NFL in CSF as markers for astrogliosis and neurodegeneration , and clinical and biological data were investigated .
IL - 10 also activated Stat5 in Ba / F3 cells that stably expressed the murine IL - 10 receptor .
Transthyretin ( TTR ) , a second major CSF protein , formed SDS - stable complexes with A beta and significantly decreased the rate of A beta fibril formation .
Interferon - gamma and several other cytokines that are known to activate JAK2 kinase were also found to stimulate Raf - 1 kinase activity toward MEK - 1 in mammalian cells .
We sought to characterize how TPO binds and activates its receptor , myeloproliferative leukemia virus receptor .
Furthermore , this mutational analysis implicates KDR , but not FLT - 1 , in VEGF induction of endothelial cell proliferation .
Cotransfection of hGITRL and hGITR in embryonic kidney 293 cells activated the anti - apoptotic transcription factor NF - kappaB , via a pathway that appeared to involve TNFR - associated factor 2 ( TRAF2 ) [ 7 ] and NF - kappaB - inducing kinase ( NIK ) [ 8 ] .
Structure of the p53 tumor suppressor bound to the ankyrin and SH3 domains of 53BP2 .
cDNA cloning and characterization of the human interleukin 13 receptor alpha chain .
Competition binding and immunoprecipitation studies on cells bearing both PDGF alpha and beta receptors reveal a high affinity binding of recombinant GFD ( PDGF - CC ) to PDGF receptor - alpha homodimers and PDGF receptor - alpha / beta heterodimers .
The subcellular distributions of PKC and AKAP79 were similar in neurons .
The use of glutathione S - transferase - Lck fusion proteins in precipitation analysis showed that the SH2 domain of p56lck could recognize CD5 as expressed in the baculovirus expression system .
GAP - 43 ( neuromodulin , B - 50 , F1 ) , a protein kinase C ( PKC ) substrate important for the growth and plasticity of neuronal connections , has been implicated in vitro in several signal transduction pathways .
Analysis of PDGF - CC in vivo in a diabetic mouse model of delayed wound healing showed that PDGF - CC significantly enhanced repair of a full - thickness skin excision .
In transient expression assays , we found that PU . 1 and NF - IL6 beta can functionally cooperate to synergistically activate transcription .
Interleukin - 1 ( IL - 1 ) is an important mediator of inflammatory disease .
In addition , previous work indicated that p300 and CBP might be involved in YY1 - mediated repression .
Thus , IFN - gamma R alpha binding does not result in a large conformational change in the AB loop as previously suggested .
The objective of this study was to measure the concentrations of tumor necrosis factor - alpha ( TNFalpha ) in pleural and peritoneal effusions of different causes and to verify whether TNFalpha , alpha - 1 - antitrypsin ( alpha1AT ) , and complement factors C3 and C4 can be used in the differential diagnosis of serous effusion .
VEGF mediates endothelial cell proliferation , angiogenesis , vascular growth , and vascular permeability via the endothelial cell receptors , kinase insert domain - containing receptor ( KDR ) / fetal liver kinase 1 ( Flk - 1 ) and FLT - 1 .
To further examine the function of the bHLHZip protein , USF , we screened for cellular proteins which could directly interact with USF using the yeast two - hybrid system .
PDGF - CC exhibits greater mitogenic potency than PDGF - AA and comparable or greater mitogenic activity than PDGF - AB and PDGF - BB on several mesenchymal cell types .
We conclude that stimulation of thymocytes with pervanadate induces the recruitment of PI 3 - kinase and pp120 to CD5 .
Computer - aided analysis of secondary structure , performed on four RII - anchoring protein sequences ( the microtubule - associated protein 2 , P150 , and two thyroid proteins Ht 21 and Ht 31 ) , has identified common regions of approximately 14 residues which display high probabilities of forming amphipathic helices .
A region that is important for biological function in IL - 1beta , the ' receptor trigger site ' is not in direct contact with the receptor in the IL1RA complex .
Activin type I receptors , SKR1 and SKR2 , were first cloned from well differentiated human hepatoma cells ( HepG2 ) .
By contrast the Ras exchanger factor ( Sos1 ) was not detected in anti - c - Cbl immunoprecipitates suggesting that Grb2 / Sos1 and Grb2 / c - Cbl are present in different complexes .
We investigated whether the chronic inflammation and pain experienced by patients may be caused by an imbalance of proinflammatory versus anti - inflammatory cytokines within the prostate , namely interleukin ( IL ) - 8 , interferon - gamma and IL - 2 versus IL - 10 .
Antibody - mediated cross - linking studies or studies on CD5 knockout mice implicate CD5 as a co - stimulatory or negative regulatory molecule .
Additional analysis revealed the presence of transcripts for both the activating ( ITF - 2a ) and inhibitory ( ITF - 2b ) isoforms in differentiating C2C12 cultures , suggesting that both isoforms might participate in regulating the differentiation process .
However , whether 14 - 3 - 3 proteins interact directly with the Raf - CRD and how this interaction may mediate Raf - 1 function has not been determined .
Thus , pp120 may serve as a link between Syk and PLC gamma 1 , coupling the B - cell antigen receptor to the phosphatidylinositol pathway .
Fusion proteins were created by linking the Abeta fragment to a LexA DNA - binding domain ( bait ) and also to a B42 transactivation domain ( prey ) .
Competitive binding of alpha - actinin and calmodulin to the NMDA receptor .
The putative activation domain of SREBP was shown to bind specifically to amino - terminal domains of recombinant CBP and p300 ( a CBP - related protein ) .
Discrete protein interactions with the Grb2 / c - Cbl complex in SCF - and TPO - mediated myeloid cell proliferation .
Use of the two hybrid system to detect the association of the protein - tyrosine - phosphatase , SHPTP2 , with another SH2 - containing protein , Grb7 .
CCR5 binds multiple CC - chemokines : MCP - 3 acts as a natural antagonist .
In addition , selected mutant proteins were expressed as full - length EPOR on the surface of COS cells and analyzed for 125I - EPO binding in receptor binding assays .
The Fos and Jun families of eukaryotic transcription factors heterodimerize to form complexes capable of binding 5 ' - TGAGTCA - 3 ' DNA elements .
An E2F complex containing mainly E2F4 and pRb2 / p130 ( E2F - G0 / G1 complex ) appears when DNA synthesis arrests , replacing the cyclinA / cdk2 containing E2F complex of proliferating myoblasts ( E2F - G1 / S complex ) .
Positive inotropic responses mediated by endothelin ET ( A ) and ET ( B ) receptors in human myocardial trabeculae .
Whereas IL - 13Ralpha serves as an alternative accessory protein to the common cytokine receptor gamma chain ( gammac ) for IL - 4 signaling , it could not replace the function of gammac in allowing enhanced IL - 2 binding activity .
In the case of hGH , activation involves receptor homodimerization in a sequential process : the active ternary complex containing one ligand and two receptor molecules is formed by association of a receptor molecule to an intermediate 1 : 1 complex . hPRL does not bind to the hGH receptor , but hGH binds to both the hGHR and hPRLR , and mutagenesis studies have shown that the receptor - binding sites on hGH overlap .
A receptor specific for human LT - beta was identified , which suggests that cell surface LT may have functions that are distinct from those of secreted LT - alpha .
In vitro , purified G beta gamma subunits specifically bound to a GST fusion protein encoding amino acids 1 - 330 of Raf - 1 ( Raf / 330 ) .
In the present study we evaluated tyrosine phosphorylation of c - Cbl and the interaction of the Grb2 / c - Cbl complex with signaling proteins upon activation of non - tyrosine ( c - Mpl ) and tyrosine kinase ( c - Kit ) receptors leading to myeloid cell proliferation .
OBJECTIVE : To assess the usefulness of the molar ratio of serum retinol - binding protein ( RBP ) to transthyretin ( TTR ) to determine vitamin A ( VA ) status during infection .
FADD , a novel death domain - containing protein , interacts with the death domain of Fas and initiates apoptosis .
We have now isolated cDNA clones that contain the full - length coding sequence of two other proteins , RBP1 and RBP2 , cloned originally by their interaction with pRB .
The helical cytokine interleukin ( IL ) 6 and its specific binding subunit IL - 6R alpha form a 1 : 1 complex which , by promoting homodimerization of the signalling subunit gp130 on the surface of target cells , triggers intracellular responses .
Cytokines IL - 1alpha , IL - 1beta , IL - 6 , IL - 8 , IL - 10 ( Immunotech , France ) , endothelin - 1 , and soluble cell adhesion molecules ( sCAM ) sP - and sE - selectin , sICAM - 1 , and sVCAM - 1 ( R & D , UK ) have been determined using ELISA kits ( photometer , Biomek - 1000 , Beckman , USA ) .
No binding between p59fyn ( T ) and CD5 was detected in T cells .
In conclusion , impaired expression of granulysin by NK cells correlates with progression of cancer , and determination of granulysin expression might prove informative for assessing the immunological condition of cancer patients .
Induction of cell migration by matrix metalloprotease - 2 cleavage of laminin - 5 .
Mutation of Ala - 522 to proline , which is located outside the predicted amphipathic helix region , had no effect on RII alpha binding .
B61 is a ligand for the ECK receptor protein - tyrosine kinase .
Structure of the MDM2 oncoprotein bound to the p53 tumor suppressor transactivation domain .
Sos and 80K - H . pp66 .
Interaction between cell cycle regulator , E2F - 1 , and NF - kappaB mediates repression of HIV - 1 gene transcription .
Interaction of the regulatory subunit ( RII ) of cAMP - dependent protein kinase with RII - anchoring proteins occurs through an amphipathic helix binding motif .
Unlike human IL - 6 ( which uses many hydrophilic residues ) , the viral cytokine largely uses hydrophobic amino acids to contact gp130 , which enhances the complementarity of the viral IL - 6 - gp130 binding interfaces .
Our finding that HBx directly interacts with RNA polymerase II subunit 5 ( RPB5 ) , a common subunit of RNA polymerases , implies that HBx directly modulates the function of RNA polymerase ( Cheong , J . H . , Yi , M . , Lin , Y . , and Murakami , S . ( 1995 ) EMBO J . 14 , 142 - 150 ) .
IL - 7 - driven proliferation is mediated via high affinity IL - 7R , and accordingly , Scatchard analysis revealed that , like the p90 IL - 7R , the p76 IL - 7R bound IL - 7 with dual ( high ; Kd 38 pM and low ; Kd 360 pM ) affinity .
Characterization of Fas ( Apo - 1 , CD95 ) - Fas ligand interaction .
By utilizing domain swapping and site - directed mutagenesis we have found that the loop connecting the beta4 - beta5 strands of FGF - 7 contributes to high affinity receptor binding and is critical for KGFR recognition .
Furthermore , we demonstrate that RB binds directly to hTAFII250 in vitro and in vivo .
An expression plasmid encoding the human 75 - kDa tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) type 2 receptor ( TNF - R2 ) was constructed and used to generate a stable human cell line ( 293 / TNF - R2 ) overexpressing TNF - R2 .
Thus , hGITRL and hGITR may modulate T lymphocyte survival in peripheral tissues .
We have found a COOH - terminal 37 - kD fragment of beta 1 - syntrophin sufficient to interact with translated dystrophin and its homologues , suggesting that the dystrophin binding site on beta 1 - syntrophin occurs on a region that is conserved among the three syntrophin homologues .
MAP kinase activation of c - jun may underlie the common stimulation of this transcription factor by mitogens , growth factors and oncogenes .
Immunoprecipitation assays also show a weak substoichiometric association of the TATA - binding protein ( TBP ) with PTF , consistent with the previous report of a PTF - related complex ( SNAPc ) containing substoichiometric levels of TBP and a component ( SNAPc43 ) identical in sequence to the PTF gamma reported here .
Here , we describe the molecular cloning and characterization of JNK1 , a distant relative of the MAP kinase group that is activated by dual phosphorylation at Thr and Tyr during the UV response .
The reciprocal loop replacement mutant ( FGF2 - L4 / 7 ) retained FGF - 2 like affinity for FGFR1 and for KGFR .
A 120 - kDa phosphoprotein ( pp120 ) associated with CD5 and specifically with the Y429 - Y441 phosphopeptide in stimulated thymocytes .
Human CC chemokine liver - expressed chemokine / CCL16 is a functional ligand for CCR1 , CCR2 and CCR5 , and constitutively expressed by hepatocytes .
In vitro and in vivo experiments support the hypothesis that Grb2 mediates the association of c - Kit with c - Cbl .
The cytokine - activated tyrosine kinase JAK2 activates Raf - 1 in a p21ras - dependent manner .
We investigated whether phosphatidylinositol ( PI ) 3 - kinase , which binds to tyrosine - phosphorylated ITAM , interacts with CD5 following T cell activation .
The binding of LEC to CCR8 was much less significant .
The crystal structure of the human cyclinA - cyclin - dependent kinase2 ( CDK2 ) - ATP complex has been determined at 2 . 3 A resolution .
A cDNA clone encoding a novel , widely expressed protein ( called growth factor receptor - bound protein 2 or GRB2 ) containing one src homology 2 ( SH2 ) domain and two SH3 domains was isolated .
These data demonstrate that the p90 IL - 7R is the T - cell homologue of the cloned IL - 7R , and imply that the p90 and p76 IL - 7R have different extracellular domains .
In addition , we show that the conserved motif Y699 MTP present in c - Cbl is the binding site for the Vav SH2 domain in vitro .
Further , RAP74 ' s central charged cluster domain is required for binding to SRF ' s activation domain .
Interaction of IL - 2R beta and gamma c chains with Jak1 and Jak3 : implications for XSCID and XCID .
Activation of FGFR3 upon ligand binding resulted in activation of mitogen - activated protein kinase pathway .
Identification of eotaxin - 3 will further promote our understanding of the control of eosinophil trafficking and other CCR3 - mediated biological phenomena .
Our data suggest that TR6 inhibits the interactions of LIGHT with HVEM / TR2 and LTbetaR , thereby suppressing LIGHT - mediated HT29 cell death .
The bZIP domains of Fos and Jun mediate a physical association with the TATA box - binding protein .
Using a yeast interaction assay , we find that SRF binds the RAP74 subunit of TFIIF and that SRF ' s transcriptional activation domain is the region involved in this binding .
MMP2 cleaved the Ln - 5 gamma2 subunit at residue 587 , exposing a putative cryptic promigratory site on Ln - 5 that triggers cell motility .
cDNA clones encoding a human IL - 10R ( hIL - 10R ) from a Burkitt lymphoma cell line , BJAB , express a 90 to 110 kDa polypeptide in COS7 cells that binds hIL - 10 specifically .
The aim of the present study was to elucidate whether intracellular expression of granulysin and perforin by NK cells might be associated with progression of cancer .
Molecular determinants of the interaction between the C - terminal domain of Alzheimer ' s beta - amyloid peptide and apolipoprotein E alpha - helices .
Thus , Phe93 and Phe205 are important binding determinants for both EPO and EMP1 , even though these ligands share no sequence or structural homology , suggesting that these residues may represent a minimum epitope on the EPOR for productive ligand binding .
We recently reported that Ras interaction with the Raf - 1 cysteine - rich domain ( Raf - CRD , residues 139 - 184 ) may be required for Raf - 1 activation .
We have cloned cDNAs corresponding to the human interleukin 13 receptor alpha chain ( IL - 13Ralpha ) .
We have isolated and characterized a cDNA clone , phFGFR , encoding a human fibroblast growth factor ( FGF ) receptor . phFGFR contains an open reading frame which encodes an 820 amino acid polypeptide with three immunoglobulin - like domains in the extracellular part and an intracellular split tyrosine kinase domain .
Interactions of p60 , a mediator of progesterone receptor assembly , with heat shock proteins hsp90 and hsp70 .
Interaction of p85 and N + C - SH2 with IR beta ( delta C - 43 ) or IGF - 1R beta ( delta C - 43 ) in which the C - terminal 43 amino acids ( including the YXXM motif ) were deleted , persisted .
TRADD is a TNFR1 - associated signal transducer that is involved in activating both pathways .
Evidence for physical interaction between the zinc - finger transcription factors YY1 and Sp1 .
The molar ratio of serum retinol - binding protein ( RBP ) to transthyretin ( TTR ) is not useful to assess vitamin A status during infection in hospitalised children .
Ligand binding analysis revealed high affinity binding ( Kd = 0 . 2 nM ) with approximately 94 , 000 + / - 7 , 500 sites / cell for 125I - TNF - alpha and approximately 5 - fold lower affinity for TNF - beta ( Kd = 1 . 1 nM ) with 264 , 000 + / - 2 , 000 sites / cell .
Replacement of Val20 - Leu21 with Ala - Ala produced a dimeric RII beta protein that binds AKAP75 approximately 4 % as avidly as wild - type RII beta .
The apparent affinity of the interaction between gp120 and CCR - 5 was dramatically lower in the absence of soluble CD4 .
We also show that RIP is a serine - threonine kinase that is recruited by TRADD to TNFR1 in a TNF - dependent process .
Using epitope - tagging , interaction of E47 basic - helix - loop - helix protein with the eip1 protein encoded by this novel cDNA was confirmed by immunoprecipitation experiments in COS7 cells .
Studies in vivo and in vitro demonstrated a highly specific interaction between the SH3 domains of p47nck and Wiskott - Aldrich syndrome protein .
Characterization of the CD30L binding domain on the human CD30 molecule using anti - CD30 antibodies .
These analyses showed that the ability of PBMC to proliferate to IL - 7 correlated with expression of the p76 IL - 7R , and not with expression of the p90 IL - 7R .
Type I interferons bind to two cell surface receptors , ifnar1 and ifnar2 , as the first step in the activation of several signal transduction pathways that elicit an anti - viral state and an anti - proliferative response .
Collectively , eotaxin - 3 is yet another functional ligand for CCR3 .
Antibodies to p23 detect similar levels of p23 in all tissues tested and cross - react with a protein of the same size in mice , rabbits , guinea pigs , humans , and Saccharomyces cerevisiae , indicating that p23 is a conserved protein of broad tissue distribution .
Cross - linking of 125I - TNF - alpha and 125I - TNF - beta to 293 / TNF - R2 cells yielded predominant complexes with apparent molecular weights of 211 , 000 for TNF - alpha and 205 , 000 and 244 , 000 for TNF - beta , suggesting these complexes contain two or three TNF - R2 molecules .
CCR5 was first characterized as a receptor for MIP - 1alpha , MIP - 1beta , and RANTES , and was rapidly shown to be the main coreceptor for M - tropic human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) - 1 strains and simian immunodeficiency virus ( SIV ) .
The most typical mutational profile involved K - ras , p53 , and p16INK4a , concurrently aberrated in 20 cases ( 91 % ) .
The kinetics of amyloid fibril formation by beta - amyloid peptide ( Abeta ) are typical of a nucleation - dependent polymerization mechanism .
All CC - chemokines currently available were tested for their ability to compete with [ ( 125 ) I ] - MIP - 1beta binding on a stable cell line expressing recombinant CCR5 , and / or to induce a functional response in these cells .
Based on the experiences of all the authors , we emphasized cell cycle inhibitors such as p16 and p21 and regulators of apoptosis such as p53 and members of the bcl - 2 family .
This suggests that rhodanese must interact with groEL throughout most of its folding reaction before it acquires a folding competent ( groE independent ) state .
Based on the structure of the closely related lymphotoxin alpha - tumor necrosis factor receptor I complex , a molecular model of the FasL homotrimer bound to three Fas molecules was generated using knowledge - based protein modeling methods .
The AB loops of IFN - gamma SC1 adopt conformations similar to the ordered loops of IFN - gamma observed in the crystal structure of the IFN - gamma / IFN - gamma R alpha complex .
In transfected COS - 1 cells , osteogenic protein ( OP ) - 1 / BMP - 7 , and less efficiently BMP - 4 , bound to BMPR - II .
Cytokines measurements during IFN - alpha treatment showed a trend to decreasing levels of IL - 4 at 4 , 12 , and 24 weeks .
Using a subclone of C3H10T1 / 2 mouse fibroblasts stably expressing Estrogen Receptor - MyoD ( ER - MyoD ) chimerae , we found that estrogen directed MyoD activation prevents the reassociation of cyclinA / cdk2 to the E2F4 containing complex following serum stimulation and this correlates with suppression of E2F activity and the inability of cells to re - enter the cell cycle .
The amount of CDK4 and CDK6 associated with p27 does not change in a cell cycle - dependent fashion ; in contrast , the amount of CDK2 associated with p27 is lowest in early G1 cells and increases to a maximum in mid - G1 phase , reaching a steady - state level in late G1 - phase cells .
We further demonstrated that apolipoprotein E2 and E3 but not apolipoprotein E4 can decrease the fusogenic activity of Abeta ( 29 - 42 ) via a direct interaction .
Following gastrin stimulation , we observed a time - and dose - dependent association of IRS - 1 with the p85 regulatory subunit of phosphatidylinositol 3 - kinase ( PI 3 - kinase ) .
We have engineered and purified recombinant K5 head and DPI tail , and we demonstrate direct interaction in vitro by solution - binding assays and by ligand blot assays .
The Ras - RasGAP complex : structural basis for GTPase activation and its loss in oncogenic Ras mutants .
TNF - dependent recruitment of the protein kinase RIP to the TNF receptor - 1 signaling complex .
Gel retardation and methylation interference assays show that E2F - 1 is able to bind specifically to a site embedded within the two NF - kappaB elements .
The binding of p56lck to CD5 induced a 10 - to 15 - fold increase in p56lck catalytic activity , as measured by in vitro kinase analysis .
Activity of RNA polymerase I transcription factor UBF blocked by Rb gene product .
These data imply that IL - 6 - induced dimerization of sIL - 6R is not the driving force in promoting formation of the hexameric ( IL - 6 IL - 6R gp130 ) 2 complex .
Thus , these two TNFR1 - TRADD signaling cascades appear to bifurcate at TRADD .
PI 3 - kinase activity and the regulatory p85 subunit of PI 3 - kinase associated with CD5 in pervanadate - stimulated , but not in unstimulated thymocytes .
Three naturally occurring ligands for the IL - 1 receptor ( IL1R ) exist : the agonists IL - 1alpha and IL - 1beta and the IL - 1 - receptor antagonist IL1RA ( ref . 2 ) .
Involvement of IL - 6 signal transducer gp130 in IL - 11 - mediated signal transduction .
In this article , we demonstrate that PTPmu associates with a complex containing cadherins , alpha - and beta - catenin in mink lung ( MvLu ) cells , and in rat heart , lung , and brain tissues .
The retinoblastoma - susceptibility gene product binds directly to the human TATA - binding protein - associated factor TAFII250 .
Both the GT155 - calnexin and the GT155 - CAP - 60 interactions were dependent on the presence of a correctly modified oligosaccharide group on GT155 , a characteristic of many calnexin interactions .
Aggregated amyloid beta - protein ( A beta ) is a key component of the amyloid depositions found in the brains of patients with Alzheimer ' s disease .
We have cloned cDNAs encoding three novel TAFIIs [ TATA - binding protein ( TBP ) - associated factors ] from the human ( h ) HeLa cell TFIID complexes hTAFII28 , hTAFII20 and hTAFII18 . hTAFII28 is a core hTAFII present in both of the previously described hTFIID species which either lack or contain hTAFII30 ( hTFIID alpha and hTFIID beta respectively ) , and is the homologue of Drosophila ( d ) TAFII30 beta . hTAFII18 is a novel hTAFII which shows homology to the N - terminal region of the yeast TAFIISPT3 , but has no known Drosophila counterpart .
The analysis of complexes of A beta with CSF proteins in a KBr gradient revealed an association of A beta only with free proteins and not with lipoprotein particles .
These results demonstrate that IL - 11 and IL - 6 utilize different ligand binding proteins , but share common signal transducer , gp130 , in TF - 1 cells .
CSA protein interacts with CSB protein and with p44 protein , a subunit of the human RNA polymerase II transcription factor IIH .
In previous studies ( Scott , J . D . , Stofko , R . E . , McDonald , J . R . , Comer , J . D . , Vitalis , E . A . , and Mangili J . ( 1990 ) J . Biol . Chem . 265 , 21561 - 21566 ) we have shown that dimerization of RII alpha was required for interaction with the cytoskeletal component microtubule - associated protein 2 .
Crosslinking of cell surface IgM led to rapid activation of both tyrosine and serine / threonine protein kinase activities that resulted in phosphorylation in vitro of proteins coprecipitating with Syk - - in particular , a serine / threonine phosphorylated protein 120 kDa in size ( pp120 ) .
The multisubunit transcription factor IID ( TFIID ) is thought to be a primary target for site - specific activators of transcription .
P60 can bind either hsp70 or hsp90 independently and in an ATP - independent manner .
The interaction between Vav and c - Cbl is directly mediated via the SH2 domain of Vav and is dependent on tyrosine phosphorylation of c - Cbl .
The deduced amino acid sequences of human alpha 1 - and beta 2 - syntrophin are nearly identical to their homologues in mouse , suggesting a strong functional conservation among the individual isoforms , Much like beta 1 - syntrophin , human beta 2 - syntrophin has multiple transcript classes and is expressed widely , although in a distinct pattern of relative abundance .
We also mapped the specific domains of the IGF - IR and p52Shc participating in these interactions .
Moreover , a transcriptional activation signal was transduced by BMPR - II in the presence of type I receptors after stimulation by OP - 1 / BMP - 7 .
Delineation of the binding regions of these three proteins revealed that HBx , RPB5 , and TFIIB each has two binding regions for the other two proteins .
When human embryonic kidney cells ( cell line 293 ) over - expressing IL - 1RI or HeLa cells were exposed to IL - 1 , IRAK rapidly associated with the IL - 1RI complex and was phosphorylated .
Here we show that TRADD directly interacts with TRAF2 and FADD , signal transducers that activate NF - kappa B and induce apoptosis , respectively .
MCP - 3 could compete efficiently for gp120 binding but was , however , found to be a weak inhibitor of HIV infection , probably as a consequence of its inability to downregulate the receptor .
These mutations have no impact on the ability of the p53 protein to bind to a p53 - specific DNA element .
Jak1 and Jak3 associated with IL - 2R beta and gamma c , respectively ; IL - 2 induced Jak3 - IL - 2R beta and increased Jak3 - gamma c associations .
This cytotoxicity could be abrogated by B42 fusion proteins containing Bcl - 2 , Bcl - X - L , or Mcl - 1 but not those containing Bcl - X - S ( an alternatively spliced form of Bcl - X that lacks a well - conserved 63 - amino acid region ) .
These data indicate that Phe93 is a critical EPO binding determinant of the EPOR .
We show that hTAFII28 interacts with hTAFII18 both in vitro and intracellularly ; in contrast to its Drosophila homologue , hTAFII28 also interacts directly with TBP .
In this recombinant expression system , the dystrophin relatives , human dystrophin related protein ( DRP or utrophin ) and the 87K postsynaptic protein from Torpedo electric organ , also bind to translated beta 1 - syntrophin .
In the present study , we demonstrate that 14 - 3 - 3 zeta binds directly to the isolated Raf - CRD .
Anti - CD5 also precipitated the kinase from various T cells irrespective of the expression of TcR zeta / CD3 or CD4 .
In contrast , in the absence of p21ras , coexpression of JAK2 and Raf - 1 resulted in an overall decrease in the Raf - 1 kinase activity .
The p21 inhibitor of cyclin - dependent kinases controls DNA replication by interaction with PCNA .
The self - association site appears to be formed by interactions between helices 1 and 2 of beta spectrin repeat 17 of one dimer with helix 3 of alpha spectrin repeat 1 of the other dimer to form two combined alpha - beta triple - helical segments .
The native and reconstituted pp60src - hsp90 complexes have similar thermal stability and , like steroid receptor heterocomplexes , they are stabilized by molybdate .
Surprisingly , the N - terminal third of GAP - 43 alone bound CaM more strongly than did intact GAP - 43 , suggesting that the protein ' s C - terminus may play a role in modulating the interaction with CaM .
Endothelin - 1 and sP - and sE - selectin levels were not related to function of lymphocytes ( by MDM data ) as seen in both tests ; it is probable that another cell - cell communication mechanism had been switched on .
Two previously unidentified human cdc25 genes have been isolated , cdc25A and cdc25B .
At relatively high concentrations , LEC induced calcium mobilization and chemotaxis via CCR1 and CCR2 .
Interactions between brain - derived neurotrophic factor and the TRKB receptor . Identification of two ligand binding domains in soluble TRKB by affinity separation and chemical cross - linking .
The ET ( B ) receptor agonist IRL 1620 had a positive inotropic effect only in some trabeculae , and the ET ( B ) receptor antagonist BQ 788 ( 1 microM ) almost completely blocked this effect .
The induced expression of p57 , similar to p16 , produces a senescent - like phenotype .
We studied the capacity of these mutants to form an IL - 6 / IL - 6R complex and their ability to transduce the signal .
VRP fails to bind appreciably to the extracellular domain of Flt1 or Flk1 .
Analysis of sedimentation equilibria and also of the fluorescence enhancement of suramin when bound to protein provided evidence for two suramin - binding sites on each C9 and three on each C8 in the oligomers .
We propose a model whereby insulin stimulation leads to formation of multiple protein - - protein interactions between GRB2 and the two targets IRS - 1 and Shc .
However , in cell lines with defined combinations of ErbBs , neuregulin - 2beta only activates those with ErbB3 and / or ErbB4 , suggesting that signalling by neuregulin - 2 is mediated by ErbB3 and / or ErbB4 receptors .
Further investigation indicated that the ITF - 2b / MyoD heterodimer bound to its specific DNA binding site in vitro , and the DNA binding was effectively blocked by Id3 / HLH462 .
Genetic profile of 22 pancreatic carcinoma cell lines . Analysis of K - ras , p53 , p16 and DPC4 / Smad4 .
In addition , JAK2 phosphorylated Raf - 1 at sites different from those phosphorylated by pp60v - src .
We previously have shown that PTF purified from human HeLa cells is a multisubunit complex of four polypeptides designated PTF alpha , - beta , - gamma , and - delta .
Cloning and characterization of a specific interleukin ( IL ) - 13 binding protein structurally related to the IL - 5 receptor alpha chain .
The cell surface form of LT - alpha is assembled during biosynthesis as a heteromeric complex with lymphotoxin - beta ( LT - beta ) , a type II transmembrane protein that is another member of the TNF ligand family .
Recent studies indicate that the structural integrity of the Raf - CRD is also critical for Raf - 1 interaction with 14 - 3 - 3 proteins .
Moreover , similar p110RB sequences are required for binding PP - 1 alpha 2 and SV40 large T antigen .
Thus , phFGFR encodes a human FGF receptor with high affinity for both aFGF and bFGF .
The protein encoded by the retinoblastoma susceptibility gene ( Rb ) functions as a tumour suppressor and negative growth regulator .
The crystal structure of IFN - gamma SC1 has been determined at 2 . 9 A resolution from crystals grown in 1 . 4 M citrate solutions at pH 7 . 6 .
Our analyses demonstrate that the XPB , XPD , p44 , and p62 proteins interact with each other .
Wild - type MMP - 1 , as well as the MMP - 1 mutant lacking the C - terminal hemopexin - like domain [ des - ( 248 - 450 ) - MMP - 1 ] , exhibit enzymatic activity upon cleavage of the prodomain by treatment with trypsin or 4 - aminophenylmercuric acetate .
A bZip protein , Fra1 , was found to efficiently interact with USF .
Enhanced degradation of EGF receptors by a sorting nexin , SNX1 .
Crosslinking of iodinated acidic FGF ( aFGF ) and basic FGF ( bFGF ) to transiently expressing COS - 1 cells revealed a major band of 95 kDa , which was competed for by both aFGF and bFGF .
Interaction of transthyretin with amyloid beta - protein : binding and inhibition of amyloid formation .
Human RIN1 was first characterized as a RAS binding protein based on the properties of its carboxyl - terminal domain .
SREBP transcriptional activity is mediated through an interaction with the CREB - binding protein .
In contrast , the other three monoclonal antibodies , which were effective at blocking TPO activity but did not block initial binding of TPO to its receptor , had epitopes predominantly on helix or 3 .
The resulting Trk variant recruited binding of NGF equivalent to TrkA , maintained neurotrophin - 3 binding equivalent to TrkC , and also bound brain - derived neurotrophin , although with lower affinity compared with TrkB .
By using the growth factor dependent M - 07e cell line , we found that both c - Mpl and c - Kit ligands , namely : SCF and TPO , induce c - Cbl tyrosine phosphorylation .
In vitro and in nonproliferating cells , p27 associates with and inhibits cyclin / cycin - dependent kinase ( CDK ) holoenzymes containing either CDK4 , CDK6 , or CDK2 .
Peptide growth factors , as well as the immediate early gene products c - Jun , v - Fos , and c - Myc , inhibit the activity of myogenin through a mechanism independent of its association with E2A products .
Our results indicate that the trkA and p75 receptors can potentially interact , and that such an association may be responsible for the generation of high affinity NGF binding sites .
The hsp90 - p60 - hsp70 multichaperone complex is highly dynamic and does not appear to be affected by the hsp90 - binding drug geldanamycin .
From Scatchard analyses , the Kd : s for binding of aFGF and bFGF to hFGFR - 1 were estimated to 25 pM and 41 pM , respectively .
In vitro transcription assay demonstrates that E2F - 1 represses NF - kappaB mediated transcription in a cell - free system .
We investigated the mechanism of calcium - stimulated gastrin release from gastrinoma cells in vitro with a particular focus on the calcium - sensing receptor ( CaR ) .
The correlation of SRF - RAP74 binding with transcriptional activation suggests that RAP74 is a critical target for SRF - activated transcription .
RIP contains an N - terminal region with homology to protein kinases and a C - terminal region containing a cytoplasmic motif ( death domain ) present in the Fas and TNFR1 intracellular domains .
Use of deletion mutants of Bcl - 2 suggested that Bcl - 2 homodimerization involves interactions between two distinct regions within the Bcl - 2 protein , since a LexA protein containing Bcl - 2 amino acids 83 - 218 mediated functional interactions with a B42 fusion protein containing Bcl - 2 amino acids 1 - 81 but did not complement a B42 fusion protein containing Bcl - 2 amino acids 83 - 218 .
In vitro experiments showed that the stable Grb2 / c - Cbl complex interacts , through the Grb2 SH2 domain , with the SCF - activated c - Kit .
Finally , anti - IL - 6R antibody inhibited the ability of IL - 6 , but not IL - 11 , to transduce early signals in TF - 1 cells .
These results indicated that HBx is a novel virus modulator that facilitates transcriptional initiation by stabilizing the association between RNA polymerase and TFIIB through communication with RPB5 and TFIIB .
The proto - oncogene c - jun is a component of the AP - 1 transcription factor family involved in the mediation of nuclear events elicited by extracellular stimuli .
In the present report , we demonstrated that modulation of CD26 from T cell surface induced by antiCD26 ( 1F7 ) led to enhanced phosphorylation of CD3 zeta tyrosine residues and increased CD4 associated p56lck tyrosine kinase activity .
In patients with a complete response to IFN - alpha , the levels of IFN - gamma were higher at 24 weeks following IFN - alpha treatment than that of pre - treatment ( P = 0 . 04 ) , and the levels of IL - 4 decreased markedly at 12 and 24 weeks ( P = 0 . 02 , 0 . 03 , respectively ) . mRNA expression positively correlated with the level of Th1 / Th2 type cytokines in the supernatant .
Activation of protein kinase C results in rapid , site - specific dephosphorylation of c - Jun at one or more of these three sites and is coincident with increased AP - 1 - binding activity .
Cloning of the complete coding region for human protein phosphatase inhibitor 2 using the two hybrid system and expression of inhibitor 2 in E . coli .
Assaying of tumor necrosis factor alpha , complement factors , and alpha - 1 - antitrypsin in the diagnosis of malignant serous effusions .
An arginine side chain ( arginine - 789 ) of GAP - 334 is supplied into the active site of Ras to neutralize developing charges in the transition state .
In spite of its binding to CCR5 , LEC was unable to inhibit infection of an R5 - type HIV - 1 to activated human peripheral blood mononuclear cells even at high concentrations .
Overexpression of the intact RIP protein induces both NF - kappa B activation and apoptosis .
SHPTP2 associates with the platelet - derived growth factor ( PDGF ) receptor after ligand stimulation , and binding of SHPTP2 to this receptor promotes tyrosine phosphorylation of SHPTP2 .
Apoptotic proteins . p53 and c - myc related pathways .
Sequential immunoprecipitation identified the 72 - kDa protein associated with PLC gamma 1 as Syk .
In this report , it is demonstrated that Elf - 1 contains a sequence motif that is highly related to the Rb binding sites of several viral oncoproteins and binds to the pocket region of Rb both in vitro and in vivo .
We propose that c - Fos and c - Jun proteins function as transcriptional activators , in part by recruiting TBP to form complexes to initiate RNA synthesis .
In this study , we demonstrate that CD5 is coupled to the protein - tyrosine kinase p56lck and can act as a substrate for p56lck .
LEC induces chemotaxis and adhesion by interacting with CCR1 and CCR8 .
Chemokines that could compete with high affinity for MIP - 1beta binding could also compete for monomeric gp120 binding , although with variable potencies ; maximal gp120 binding inhibition was 80 % for MCP - 2 , but only 30 % for MIP - 1beta .
Twelve amino acid peptides encompassing either of these two tyrosine residues in phosphorylated form coprecipitated Stat3 but not Stat1 and blocked IL - 10 - induced Stat3 phosphorylation in a cell - free system .
p21CIP1 is a potent , tight - binding inhibitor of Cdks and can inhibit the phosphorylation of Rb by cyclin A - Cdk2 , cyclin E - Cdk2 , cyclin D1 - Cdk4 , and cyclin D2 - Cdk4 complexes .
LEC also induced calcium mobilization , but marginal chemotaxis via CCR5 .
Wiskott - Aldrich syndrome protein physically associates with Nck through Src homology 3 domains .
In the yeast - based cloning system , the only strong interaction that was detected between GAP - 43 and the calcium effector protein , calmodulin ( CaM ) .
Activation of interferon - gamma inducing factor mediated by interleukin - 1beta converting enzyme .
Suramin induced high - affinity trimerization of C8 ( Kd = 0 . 10 microM at 20 degrees C ) and dimerization of C9 ( Kd = 0 . 86 microM at 20 degrees C ) .
In the second of a series of experiments designed to identify p47nck - Src homology 3 ( SH3 ) - binding molecules , we report the cloning of SAKAP II ( Src A box Nck - associated protein II ) from an HL60 cDNA expression library .
We now show that full - length RIN1 interacts with activated RAS in mammalian cells and defines a minimum region of 434 aa required for efficient RAS binding .
HBx and RPB5 specifically bound to transcription factor IIB ( TFIIB ) in vitro , both of which were detected by either far - Western blotting or the glutathione S - transferase - resin pull - down assay .
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES : Measurement of soluble interleukin ( IL ) 2 receptor ( sIL - 2R ) and IL - 1alpha in serum samples and fluid of recent blisters .
Here we present biochemical evidence for the structural relevance of histone homologies in the human TFIID subunits hTAF80 , hTAF31 and hTAF20 / 15 .
The present study has shown that cell surface calreticulin binds to the B beta chain of fibrinogen mediating its mitogenic activity .
In transfected cells , wild - type p53 repressed the hormone - dependent transcriptional activation of h - TR beta 1 .
The receptor chains bind to the ' wrist ' epitopes of the BMP - 2 dimer and contact both BMP - 2 monomers .
Endothelin - 1 ( ET - 1 ) and ET - 3 had a strong positive inotropic effect in all trabeculae .
Together with analyses of native TFIID complexes and accompanying crystallographic studies , the results suggest that there is a histone octamer - like TAF complex within TFIID .
The rates of commitment to renaturation of rhodanese and glutamine synthetase in the presence of the groE chaperonins .
The crystal structure of the 109 - residue amino - terminal domain of MDM2 bound to a 15 - residue transactivation domain peptide of p53 revealed that MDM2 has a deep hydrophobic cleft on which the p53 peptide binds as an amphipathic alpha helix .
Scatchard analysis of in vitro binding between Raf / 330 and G beta gamma revealed an affinity of interaction ( Kd = 163 + / - 36 nM ) , similar to that seen between G beta gamma and beta ARK ( Kd = 87 + / - 24 nM ) .
Coexpression of CD5 with p56lck in the baculovirus expression system resulted in the phosphorylation of CD5 on tyrosine residues .
Furthermore , Cdc25 phosphatase can be activated in vitro in a Raf1 - dependent manner .
We have cloned a cDNA encoding an IL - 13 binding protein ( IL - 13R ) from the Caki - 1 human renal carcinoma cell line .
A comparative study of E - cadherin and stromelysin - 3 expression in de novo and ex adenoma carcinoma of the colorectum .
GRB2 , a small protein comprising one SH2 domain and two SH3 domains , represents the human homologue of the Caenorhabditis elegans protein , sem - 5 .
Both the bHLHZip and the N - terminal regions of Fra1 are required for efficient interaction with USF .
The BMP receptors belong to the family of serine / threonine kinase receptors , whose activation has been investigated intensively for the transforming growth factor - beta ( TGF - beta ) receptor subfamily .
CREB is activated through phosphorylation by protein kinase A ( PKA ) , but precisely how phosphorylation stimulates CREB function is unknown .
Here we have utilized affinity crosslinking agents with 125I - NGF to detect an association of trkA and p75 receptors in embryonic spinal cord and brain tissues enriched in the two receptors .
The experiments were performed with the cytoplasmic beta domain ( wild type or mutated ) of IR and IGF - 1R and p85 or its subdomains ( N + C - SH2 , N - SH2 , C - SH2 , SH3 + N - SH2 ) .
The crystal structure of the p53 core domain bound to the 53BP2 protein , which contains an SH3 ( Src homology 3 ) domain and four ankyrin repeats , revealed that ( i ) the SH3 domain binds the L3 loop of p53 in a manner distinct from that of previously characterized SH3 - polyproline peptide complexes , and ( ii ) an ankyrin repeat , which forms an L - shaped structure consisting of a beta hairpin and two alpha helices , binds the L2 loop of p53 .
For the calibration , we used two sets of proteins , the Myc - Max - Mxi1 helix - loop - helix proteins , and wild - type and dimerization - defective versions of the lambda cI repressor .
Here , we quantitatively mapped the complete binding region of ifnar2 on interferon ( IFN ) alpha2 by 35 individual mutations to alanine and isosteric residues .
In synchronized human osteosarcoma cells , cyclin D1 is induced in early G1 and becomes associated with p9Ckshs1 , a Cdk - binding subunit .
The proximal sequence element ( PSE ) - binding transcription factor ( PTF ) specifically recognizes the PSEs of both RNA polymerase II - and RNA polymerase III - transcribed small nuclear RNA ( snRNA ) genes .
While the circulating RAS of renal origin is acutely activated to contribute to the accomplishment of short term homeostatic reactions , tissue RAS , in paracrine or autocrine ways , exerts local - regional adaptive actions of long duration .
This observation supports a model in which p60 functions at an intermediate stage of PR assembly to facilitate formation of subsequent PR complexes lacking p60 .
Interaction of p85 subunit of PI 3 - kinase with insulin and IGF - 1 receptors analysed by using the two - hybrid system .
IL - 1beta binds to s - IL1R with a 1 : 1 stoichiometry .
When human soluble FasL ( sFasL , containing the extracellular portion ) was expressed in human embryo kidney 293 cells , the three N - linked glycans of each FasL monomer were found to be essential for efficient secretion .
In contrast , tyrosine - phosphorylated peptides containing Tyr374 or Tyr396 did not interact with Stat3 or block Stat3 activation .
p27Kip1 binds the complex as an extended structure interacting with both cyclin A and Cdk2 .
The erythropoietin - like domain of TPO ( TPO1 - 153 ) has been fused to the gIII coat protein of M13 bacteriophage .
The gamma chain of the interleukin - 2 ( IL - 2 ) receptor is shared with the functional IL - 4 receptor and is causatively related to X - linked severe combined immunodeficiency ( XSCID ) , which is ascribed to a profound T cell defect .
The molar concentration of LEC required to induce maximum cell migration is 20 - to 200 - fold greater than that required for RANTES or I309 , respectively .
Although IRS - 1 is thought to interact with the insulin receptor , the nature of the interaction has not been defined .
This RIN1 sequence shows preferential binding to the ABL - SH3 domain in vitro .
To study the mechanism underlying the apparent functional cooperation between YY1 and Sp1 , we explored the possibility of protein - protein interactions between these two transcription factors .
Inhibin also binds to ActRII through its beta subunit , competes with the binding of activin to ActRII , but fails to form the ActRII .
In differentiating C2C12 cells , E2F complexes switch and DNA synthesis in response to serum are prevented when MyoD DNA binding activity and the cdks inhibitor MyoD downstream effector p21 are induced .
The products of the RBP1 and RBP2 genes are ubiquitously expressed , large ( 200 kDa for RBP1 and 195 kDa for RBP2 ) nuclear phosphoproteins with structural motifs that suggest a role in transcriptional regulation .
The extracellular cysteine - rich domain of the TNF - R is homologous to the nerve growth factor receptor and the B cell activation protein Bp50 .
Cluster Group B antibodies , including M67 and Ki - 1 , do not affect CD30L binding to CD30 .
These data suggest that ADA on the cell surface is involved in an important immunoregulatory mechanism by which released ADA binds to cell surface CD26 , and this complex is capable of reducing the local concentration of adenosine .
It binds homophilically , i . e . , PTPmu on the surface of one cell binds to PTPmu on an apposing cell , and the binding site lies within the immunoglobulin domain .
We suggest that activation of the cell cycle by the Ras / Raf1 pathways might be mediated in part by Cdc25 .
The 2 . 8 A crystal structure of a complex between the extracellular portions of HFE and TfR shows two HFE molecules which grasp each side of a twofold symmetric TfR dimer .
A cDNA clone , designated TRAP ( TNF - related activation protein ) was isolated from a collection of T cell activation genes .
HFE binds to the transferrin receptor ( TfR ) , a receptor by which cells acquire iron - loaded transferrin .
Thus , during myogenic differentiation , formation of E2F4 and pRb2 / p130 containing complexes is an early event , but not enough on its own to prevent the reactivation of DNA synthesis .
In this study , we simulated interactions of all amphipathic helices of apolipoproteins E and A - I with Abeta and simian immunodeficiency virus ( SIV ) fusogenic fragments by molecular modeling .
Many of the same signaling molecules , including protein kinase C ( PKC ) , tyrosine kinase , phosphatidylinositol 3 - kinase ( P13 - K ) , and protein phosphatase , regulate the transporters for different neurotransmitters .
The first cDNA from the E2F family to be cloned was designated E2F - 1 , and multiple E2F family members have now been identified .
Interferon - gamma , IL - 2 and IL - 10 levels were statistically greater in patients .
Prompted by this hypothesis , we analyzed the genomic region containing the gene for MPIF - 2 / eotaxin - 2 ( SCYA24 ) and have identified a novel CC chemokine termed eotaxin - 3 .
The results of his3 activation indicated that p85 , N + C - SH2 and C - SH2 interact with both IR beta and IGF - 1R beta , whereas N - SH2 and SH3 + N - SH2 interact only with IR beta .
A van ' t Hoff plot of the change in Kd was linear between 10 and 37 degrees C and yielded values of DeltaH degrees = - 12 . 9 kcal / mol and DeltaS degrees = - 15 . 9 cal mol - 1 deg - 1 , suggesting that electrostatic forces play a prominent role in the interaction of C8 with C9 .
Immunoprecipitation experiments with human osteosarcoma cells and Ewing ' s sarcoma cells demonstrated that cyclin D1 is associated with both p34cdc2 and p33cdk2 , and that cyclin D1 immune complexes exhibit appreciable histone H1 kinase activity .
One of these proteins , p60 , appears transiently during assembly and is not a component of functionally mature PR complexes .
Identification of vascular endothelial growth factor determinants for binding KDR and FLT - 1 receptors . Generation of receptor - selective VEGF variants by site - directed mutagenesis .
Expression of exogenous USF led to a decrease in AP1 - dependent transcription in F9 cells .
In summary , we have shown that the integrity of the catalytic domain of MMP - 1 and its ability to bind Zn2 + is absolutely required for complex formation with TIMP - 1 , which further underlines the importance of this region for proper regulation of enzymatic activity of MMP - 1 .
The retinoblastoma gene product , pRB , regulates cell proliferation by binding to and inhibiting the activity of key growth promoting proteins .
In contrast , the renaturation rate for rhodanese with the groE chaperonins mirrored the committed renaturation rates following groEL depletion .
In the present study we observe that a monoclonal antibody specific for p60 can , on the one hand , inhibit formation of mature PR complexes containing heat shock protein 90 ( hsp90 ) , p23 , and immunophilins and , on the other , enhance recovery of early PR complexes containing hsp70 and Hip ( p48 ) .
A few general transcription factors , in particular TFIID and TFIIB , have been found to bind transcriptional activators .
The ultraviolet ( UV ) response of mammalian cells is characterized by a rapid and selective increase in gene expression mediated by AP - 1 and NF - kappa B .
Furthermore , a partial TFIID complex containing Drosophila TATA binding protein ( dTBP ) , human TAFII250 , dTAFII60 , and dTAFII40 supported activation by a Gal4 - p53 fusion protein in vitro , whereas TBP or a subcomplex lacking TAFII40 and TAFII60 did not .
p53 transcriptional activation mediated by coactivators TAFII40 and TAFII60 .
Finally , we demonstrate that the anti - CD30L MAb M81 also completely inhibits CD30 / CD30L interaction .
In addition , we show that in extracts depleted of TBP and TBP - associated factors , transcription from the U1 promoter is restored by recombinant TBP but not by TFIID or TFIIIB , indicating that transcription of class II snRNA genes requires a TBP complex different from the one used for mRNA - encoding genes .
CD5 interaction with p56lck represents a novel variant of a receptor - kinase complex in which receptor can also serve as substrate . ( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS )
We report here that recombinant B61 induces autophosphorylation of ECK in intact cells , consistent with B61 being an authentic ligand for ECK .
Interaction of mammalian splicing factor SF3a with U2 snRNP and relation of its 60 - kD subunit to yeast PRP9 .
Kaposi ' s sarcoma - associated herpesvirus encodes a functional homolog of human interleukin - 6 ( IL - 6 ) that activates human gp130 .
Two lines of evidence support the notion that RbAP46 and simian virus 40 T antigen have homologous Rb - binding properties : first , several mutated Rb proteins that failed to bind to T also did not associate with RbAP46 ; and second , both T antigen and T peptide ( amino acids 101 - 118 ) were able to compete with RbAP46 for binding to Rb .
Y429 and Y441 occur in an imperfect immunoreceptor tyrosine - based activation motif ( ITAM ) - like sequence .
Neither mutation of His199 , nor deletion mutants des - ( 161 - 228 ) - MMP - 1 and des - ( 161 - 228 / 248 - 450 ) - MMP - 1 , interact with TIMP .
Mutants P206R , P206D , and P206F displayed reduced cytotoxicity toward Fas - positive cells with a concomitant decrease in the binding affinity for the recombinant Fas - immunoglobulin Fc fusion proteins .
Although the individual amino acids in TrkA involved in binding to nerve growth factor ( NGF ) and those in TrkC involved in binding to neurotrophin - 3 have been mapped in this domain , the Trk amino acids that provide specificity remained unclear .
In the assembly of a prespliceosome , U2 small nuclear ribonucleoprotein ( snRNP ) functions in pre - messenger RNA ( mRNA ) splicing together with splicing factors ( SFs ) 3a , SF3b , and several other proteins .
In addition , hsp90 in the lysate complexes with wild - type pp60v - src , of which only a small portion is normally recovered in cytosol in the native multiprotein complex , and with the cellular homolog , pp60c - src , which has never been recovered in cytosol in the form of a native multiprotein complex with hsp90 .
We show that the S252W mutation allows the mesenchymal splice form of FGFR2 ( FGFR2c ) to bind and to be activated by the mesenchymally expressed ligands FGF7 or FGF10 and the epithelial splice form of FGFR2 ( FGFR2b ) to be activated by FGF2 , FGF6 , and FGF9 .
Here we report the crystal structure of human dimeric BMP - 2 in complex with two high affinity BMP receptor IA extracellular domains ( BRIAec ) .
We have characterized the physical and functional interactions between PU . 1 and NF - IL6 beta , a leucine zipper transcription factor implicated in inflammatory responses .
Moreover , the amino - terminal domain of RIN1 directly associates with , and is tyrosine phosphorylated by , c - ABL .
A 51 - residue region from the conserved C - terminal region of TBP , previously shown to be the binding site for the viral activator protein E1A , interacts with c - Fos and c - Jun proteins .
The similarities in biofunctions and differences in ligand binding proteins between IL - 11 and IL - 6 prompted us to investigate whether IL - 11 shares common signal transduction mechanisms with IL - 6 .
The catalytic domain of activated collagenase I ( MMP - 1 ) is absolutely required for interaction with its specific inhibitor , tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases - 1 ( TIMP - 1 ) .
A protein , sorting nexin - 1 ( SNX1 ) , was identified in a human cell line that bound to a region of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) containing the lysosomal targeting code .
This activation with p85 and IGF - 1R beta was 4 - fold less as compared to IR beta and was somewhat increased ( 2 - fold ) for IGF - 1R beta ( delta C - 43 ) .
Physical interaction of mammalian CDC37 with CDK4
Here we show that QM / Jun - interacting factor ( Jif ) - 1 , a negative regulator of c - Jun , is a candidate to mediate the function of PS1 in the cell .
CD9 was associated with alpha 3 beta 1 but not alpha 5 beta 1 ; small amounts of CD9 also co - immunoprecipitated with antibodies to alpha 2 beta 1 and alpha 6 beta 4 .
The TAFII55 - interacting region of Sp1 was localized to its DNA - binding domain , which is distinct from the glutamine - rich activation domains previously shown to interact with Drosophila TAFII110 .
A GT155 mutant that was not glycosylated ( AGGT155 ) did not associate with calnexin or CAP - 60 .
COS - 7 cells co - transfected with the cloned IL - 13R cDNA and IL - 4R cDNA resulted in the reconstitution of a small number of receptors that recognized both IL - 4 and IL - 13 .
A neutralizing polyclonal antibody to LEC was developed to demonstrate that the unusually high concentration of LEC required to induce chemotaxis was a property of LEC and not as a result of an irrelevant protein contamination .
These results suggest that HIV - 1 attachment to CD4 creates a high - affinity binding site for CCR - 5 , leading to membrane fusion and virus entry .
We had previously shown that the ubiquitous Oct1 and the lymphoid - specific Oct2 transcription factors stimulate transcription at the level of stable preinitiation complex formation .
The retinoblastoma protein ( p110RB ) interacts with many cellular proteins in complexes potentially important for its growth - suppressing function .
The prototypic neuronal anchor protein AKAP75 has a COOH - terminal 22 - residue RII beta binding ( tethering ) site .
The 72 - kDa spleen tyrosine kinase ( Syk ) and Src - family kinase p53 / 56Lyn ( Lyn ) contribute to signaling via the B - cell antigen receptor complex .
The apparent targeting of the RbAP46 - Rb interaction by oncoproteins of DNA tumour viruses strongly suggests that formation of this complex is functionally important .
The internal binding site thus revealed was not altered by further mutating Y960 / F for IR or Y950 / F for IGF - 1R .
Sos ; these two complexes may alternatively link FGFG3 to mitogen - activated protein kinase .
A region of the beta subunit of the interferon alpha receptor different from box 1 interacts with Jak1 and is sufficient to activate the Jak - Stat pathway and induce an antiviral state .
Arg82 , Lys84 and His86 , located in a hairpin loop , were found to be critical for binding KDR / Flk - 1 , while negatively charged residues , Asp63 , Glu64 , and Glu67 , were associated with FLT - 1 binding .
The cloning of a complementary DNA encoding a human TFIID TAF , TAFII55 , that has no known homolog in Drosophila TFIID is now described .
Concentrations of glial fibrillary acidic protein ( GFAp ) and light subunit neurofilament protein ( NFL ) in cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) were measured in patients with second - stage Trypanosoma brucei gambiense sleeping sickness .
The retinoblastoma protein ( Rb ) is a target of viral oncoproteins .
Other NH2 - terminal residues directly modulate the affinity of RII beta dimers for the AKAP75 tethering site .
The aim of the present study was to determine possible inotropic effects mediated by endothelin ET ( A ) and ET ( B ) receptors in human myocardial trabeculae from the right atrium and the left ventricle .
We have used an interaction cloning strategy to identify an inhibitory isoform of the ITF - 2 transcription factor , ITF - 2b , that interacts with the transcriptional inhibitor Id3 / HLH462 .
Using site - directed mutagenesis and computer - assisted modelling , we identified amino acid residues on the surface of the TTR monomer that interact with A beta .
Although multimeric complexes of trkA and p75 were not detected by affinity crosslinking , immunoprecipitation of cross - linked NGF - receptor complexes with trk - specific antibodies resulted in selective immunoprecipitation of crosslinked p75 .
We demonstrate here that both the site 2 and site 3 IL - 6 variants complexed with IL - 6R alpha bind a single gp130 molecule but are unable to dimerize it , whereas the combined site 2 / 3 variants lose the ability to interact with gp130 .
The interaction between interleukin - 6 ( IL - 6 ) and IL - 6 receptor ( IL - 6R ) is the initial and most specific step in the IL - 6 signaling pathway .
These data are consistent with a model wherein cyclin D / CDK complexes sequester the CDK2 - dependent kinase inhibitory activity of p27 .
The Ras and Raf1 proto - oncogenes transduce extracellular signals that promote cell growth .
Although IL - 6D has a higher binding affinity for immobilized sIL - 6R , as determined by biosensor analysis employing surface plasmon resonance detection , IL - 6M is more potent than IL - 6D in a STAT3 phosphorylation assay .
pRB , cyclin D , p19 ( INK4d ) and p27 ( KIP1 ) decrease in both cell types .
Neutralizing antibodies directed against either CD4 - induced or V3 epitopes on gp120 blocked the interaction of gp12O - CD4 complexes with CCR - 5 .
Here we show that ATM binds c - Abl constitutively in control cells but not in AT cells .
Collectively , the novel function of PS1 via QM / Jif - 1 influences c - jun - mediated transcription and apoptosis .
We have previously demonstrated such changes by affinity cross - linking studies , and have shown that unstimulated human T cells express a single IL - 7R of 90 kDa , whereas activated T cells express an additional 76 - kDa IL - 7 binding protein .
Previous studies on the assembly of progesterone receptor ( PR ) complexes in vitro have suggested that PR assembly is a dynamic , ordered process involving at least eight nonreceptor proteins .
The MDM2 oncoprotein is a cellular inhibitor of the p53 tumor suppressor in that it can bind the transactivation domain of p53 and downregulate its ability to activate transcription .
Specific cleavage of laminin - 5 ( Ln - 5 ) by matrix metalloprotease - 2 ( MMP2 ) was shown to induce migration of breast epithelial cells .
Expressions of TH , AADC and GCH were detected by Western blot analysis .
To identify specific HSP27 - protein interactions , a recombinant fusion protein affinity reagent was constructed and used to identify proteins associating with HSP27 from human platelet lysates and erythroleukemia cells .
We have crystallized a complex between human FGF1 and a two - domain extracellular fragment of human FGFR2 .
p23 is also present in immunoaffinity - purified hsp90 complexes along with hsp70 and another protein , p60 .
In mammalian cells treated with either erythropoietin or interferon - gamma , a small fraction of Raf - 1 coimmunoprecipitated with JAK2 in lysates of cells in which JAK2 was activated as judged by its state of tyrosine phosphorylation .
The ability of YY1 to initiate transcription is augmented by the presence of a TATA motif or binding sites for transcription factor Sp1 .
These results suggest that GRB2 / sem - 5 plays a crucial role in a highly conserved mechanism for growth factor control of ras signaling .
Evidently , large hydrophobic side chains of Leu13 and Phe36 play pivotal roles in stabilizing RII beta - RII beta interactions .
Conversely , a FADD mutant lacking its N - terminal 79 amino acids is a dominant - negative inhibitor of TNF - induced apoptosis , but does not inhibit NF - kappa B activation .
Cellular p85 as well as the recombinant Src homology 2 ( SH2 ) domains of p85 bound a tyrosine - phosphorylated peptide encompassing Y463 with approximately threefold greater affinity than a doubly tyrosine - phosphorylated Y429 - Y441 peptide .
We have cloned and characterized human acidic ( alpha 1 - ) syntrophin and a second isoform of human basic ( beta 2 - ) syntrophin .
Only weak IL - 13 binding activity was found in cells transfected with only IL - 13Ralpha ; however , the combination of both IL - 13Ralpha and IL - 4Ralpha resulted in substantial binding activity , with a Kd of approximately 400 pM , indicating that both chains are essential components of the IL - 13 receptor .
Reconstitution of the multiprotein complex of pp60src , hsp90 , and p50 in a cell - free system .
Moreover we found that , upon SCF stimulation , the Grb2 / c - Cbl complex recruits Shc , probably via Grb2 .
This demonstrates that the C - terminal hemopexin domain of MMP - 1 , in contrast to the corresponding regions of gelatinase A and gelatinase B , does not interact with TIMP - 1 .
In physiological buffers and CSF , TTR exclusively decreased the level of A beta pentamers .
The findings suggest a model whereby Bax and Bcl - X - S differentially regulate Bcl - 2 function , and indicate that requirements for Bcl - 2 / Bax heterodimerization may be different from those for Bcl - 2 / Bcl - 2 homodimerization .
Crystal structure of the hereditary haemochromatosis protein HFE complexed with transferrin receptor .
Single Asp or Ser substitutions , H18D , F21D , F21S , and double substitutions , H18A / F21D , H18A / F21S , and H18D / F21D , reduced up to 431 - fold the binding affinity to CXCR1 , CXCR2 , and the Duffy antigen .
Monoclonal antibodies to the beta chain of the IL - 2 receptor inhibited the biological activity of IL - 15 , and IL - 15 competed for binding with IL - 2 , indicating that IL - 15 uses components of the IL - 2 receptor .
Activation of protein kinase C decreases phosphorylation of c - Jun at sites that negatively regulate its DNA - binding activity .
This regulation results from a direct interaction between p21 and PCNA .
SF3a interacts with U2 snRNP in the presence of SF3b to generate a structure similar to 17S U2 snRNP , which suggests a function for SF3a and SF3b in the incorporation of U2 snRNP into the spliceosome .
The cloning of members of these gene families and the identification of the protein - interaction motifs found within their gene products has initiated the molecular identity of factors ( TRADD , FADD / MORT , RIP , FLICE / MACH , and TRAFs ) associated with both of the p60 and p80 forms of the TNF receptor and with other members of the TNF receptor superfamily .
Endothelial cell mitogenesis was abolished in mutants lacking KDR affinity ; however , FLT - 1 deficient mutants induced normal proliferation .
FXIII also was shown to coprecipitate with HSP27 in immunoprecipitation studies and to colocalize with HSP27 in immunofluorescence studies of intact glass - activated platelets .
Levels of p21 protein are increased in senescent cells and p21 overexpression blocks the growth of tumour cells .
The protein product of c - cbl proto - oncogene is known to interact with several proteins , including Grb2 , Crk and PI3 kinase , and is thought to regulate signalling by many cell surface receptors .
Following immunoprecipitation with an anticalnexin antiserum , a cross - linker - independent association was observed between GT155 and calnexin .
We further showed that CD26 was comodulated on the T cell surface with CD45 , a known membrane - linked protein tyrosine phosphatase and that anti - CD26 was capable of precipitating CD45 from T cell lysates .
No significant differences were found in serum samples of patients with TEN and burns , in either sIL - 2R or IL - 1alpha .
CD4 - induced interaction of primary HIV - 1 gp120 glycoproteins with the chemokine receptor CCR - 5 .
In summary , FGFR3 signaling pathway utilizes two GRB2 - containing complexes ; Shc .
Replacement of this loop with the homologous loop from FGF - 2 dramatically reduced both the affinity of FGF - 7 for KGFR and its biological potency but did not result in the ability to bind FGFR1 .
To define the mechanism underlying signal transducer and activator of transcription ( STAT ) protein recruitment to the interleukin 10 ( IL - 10 ) receptor , the STAT proteins activated by IL - 10 in different cell populations were first defined using electrophoretic mobility shift assays .
Our results demonstrate that the SH3 domain of c - Abl interacts with a DPAPNPPHFP motif ( residues 1 , 373 - 1 , 382 ) of ATM .
CD5 is a T - cell - specific antigen which binds to the B - cell antigen CD72 and acts as a coreceptor in the stimulation of T - cell growth .
Present data concerning the renin - angiotensin system of extrarenal origin .
Comparison of the wild - type receptor - binding domain and the Asp111 - containing domain of IFN - gamma SC1 show that they are structurally equivalent but have very different electrostatic surface potentials .
Our findings can be summarized as follows : ( i ) the tyrosine kinase activity of the IGF - IR is essential for the interaction with p52Shc and IRS - 1 , ( ii ) p52Shc and IRS - 1 bind to the IGF - IR in the NPEY - juxtamembrane motif , ( iii ) contrary to p52Shc , IRS - 1 binds also to the major autophosphorylation sites ( Tyr - 1131 , - 1135 , and - 1136 ) of the IGF - IR , and ( iv ) the amino - terminal domain of p52Shc is required for its association with the IR and the IGF - IR .
Activation of mitogen - activated protein kinase kinase by v - Raf in NIH 3T3 cells and in vitro .
Expression of 14 - 3 - 3 proteins in Xenopus oocytes enhanced Raf - 1 activity and promoted Raf - 1 - dependent oocyte maturation .
We found that the human TR subtype beta 1 ( h - TR beta 1 ) physically interacted with p53 via its DNA binding domain .
Cotransfection of hGITRL and hGITR in Jurkat T leukemia cells inhibited antigen - receptor - induced cell death .
Relating the anti - viral and anti - proliferative activity of the various interferon mutants with their affinity toward ifnar2 results in linear function over the whole range of affinities investigated , suggesting that ifnar2 binding is the rate - determining step in cellular activation .
Several genes are involved in this process , and two have been the focus of recent interest : the natural resistance - associated protein ( NRAMP1 ) gene and the genes coding for the vitamin D receptor .
The gene mutated in the autosomal recessive disorder ataxia telangiectasia ( AT ) , designated ATM ( for ' AT mutated ' ) , is a member of a family of phosphatidylinositol - 3 - kinase - like enzymes that are involved in cell - cycle control , meiotic recombination , telomere length monitoring and DNA - damage response .
The splicing factor U2AF ( U2 snRNP auxiliary factor ) is a heterodimer with subunits of 65 and 35 kD ( U2AF65 and U2AF35 ) .
Using antibody - mediated immunofluorescence copatching of epitope - tagged receptors , we provide evidence in live cells for preexisting heteromeric ( BR - II / BR - Ia and BR - II / BR - Ib ) and homomeric ( BR - II / BR - II , BR - Ia / BR - Ia , BR - Ib / BR - Ib , and also BR - Ia / BR - Ib ) oligomers in the absence of ligand .
BMP - 2 binding significantly increased hetero - and homo - oligomerization ( except for the BR - II homo - oligomer , which binds ligand poorly in the absence of BR - I ) .
Tyrosine phophorylation of the 66 - kDa protein was dependent on ligand activation of FGFR3 , suggesting that the 66 - kDa protein may play an important role in FGFR3 - specific signaling .
Calreticulin , the soluble homologue of calnexin , was also shown to interact with GT155 only when the protein bore a correctly modified oligosaccharide group .
We have identified an 18 - amino acid residue stretch in the K5 head that is conserved only among type II epidermal keratins and that appears to play some role in DPI tail binding .
In this study , a minimum set of residues in the human TrkC second immunoglobulin - like domain , which does not bind nerve growth factor ( NGF ) , were substituted with those from human TrkA .
The human pituitary hormones , growth hormone ( hGH ) and prolactin ( hPRL ) , regulate a large variety of physiological processes , among which are growth and differentiation of muscle , bone and cartilage cells , and lactation .
By using several different experimental systems we show that TBP efficiently associates with Oct1 and Oct2 .
IL - 11 is a novel cytokine with a variety of biofunctions which overlap with those of IL - 6 .
The precise function of c - Cbl in these pathways is not clear , although a genetic analysis in Caenorhabditis elegans suggests that c - Cbl is a negative regulator of the epidermal growth factor receptor .
Comparison of messenger RNA gene expression of extracellular matrix proteins ( procollagen I , collagenase , elastin , hyaluronic acid synthase 2 , hyaluronidase , fibronectin , cd44 , fibromodulin , and decorin ) across cell passages ( 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 10 , and 12 fornormal laminapropria and 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , and 10 for tracheal scar ) revealed varied growth patterns .
Together , these results suggest that TAFII40 and TAFII60 are important targets for transmitting activation signals between p53 and the initiation complex .
The structure of the FGF1 - FGFR2 - heparin ternary complex provides a structural basis for the essential role of heparan sulphate in FGF signalling .
A potential interaction of p75 and trkA NGF receptors revealed by affinity crosslinking and immunoprecipitation .
It has been shown that LIGHT triggers apoptosis of various tumor cells including HT29 cells that express both lymphotoxin beta receptor ( LTbetaR ) and HVEM / TR2 receptors .
The type II cAMP - dependent protein kinase is localized to specific subcellular environments through the binding of the regulatory subunit ( RII ) dimer to RII - anchoring proteins .
Antibodies to CD9 did not affect the proportion of keratinocytes that adhered to laminin 1 , type IV collagen and fibronectin , but did inhibit motility of keratinocytes on tissue culture plastic .
Using the human RAD52 protein as the " bait " in a yeast two - hybrid system , we have identified a human homolog of yeast UBC9 , designated UBE2I , that interacts with RAD52 , RAD51 , p53 , and a ubiquitin - like protein UBL1 .
CC CKR3 is a seven - transmembrane domain G protein - coupled receptor most closely related to the previously reported monocyte - and neutrophil - selective receptor CC CKR1 ( also known as the MIP - 1 alpha / RANTES receptor ) .
ECK is a member of a large orphan receptor protein - tyrosine kinase family headed by EPH , and we suggest that ligands for other members of this family will be related to B61 , and can be isolated in the same way .
One clone encodes a novel type 1 protein phosphatase catalytic subunit ( PP - 1 alpha 2 ) , which differs from the originally defined PP - 1 alpha by an amino - terminal 11 - amino - acid insert .
Associations of UBE2I with RAD52 , UBL1 , p53 , and RAD51 proteins in a yeast two - hybrid system .
The phagocyte NADPH oxidase is a complex of membrane cytochrome b558 ( comprised of subunits p22 - phox and gp91 - phox ) and three cytosol proteins ( p47 - phox , p67 - phox , and p21rac ) that translocate to membrane and bind to cytochrome b558 .
The K - ras , p53 , p16 and DPC4 genes are among those most frequently altered in pancreatic ductal carcinoma .
We present here the crystal structure of the 1 : 1 complex of hGH bound to the extracellular domain of the hPRLR .
Thus , gamma c mutations in at least some XSCID and XCID patients prevent normal Jak3 activation , suggesting that mutations of Jak3 may result in an XSCID - like phenotype .
However , MIP - 1 beta was also an agonist for CC CKR3 but not CC CKR1 ; MCP - 3 was an agonist for CC CKR1 but not CC CKR3 .
At 25 degrees C , the rate profiles indicate the release and commitment to folding of GS to its native state occurs far earlier ( t1 / 2 < 1 min ) than for rhodanese ( t1 / 2 = 5 min ) .
We postulate that the mechanism of bone induction is based on the secretion of bone morphogenetic proteins BMP - 4 and BMP - 6 by the grafted HeLa cells .
In addition , hydrophobic residues Leu - 14 and Phe - 19 are crucial for the interactions between p53 and human mdm - 2 ( hdm - 2 ) .
Most familial early - onset Alzheimer ' s disease cases are caused by mutations in the presenilin 1 ( PS1 ) gene .
Liver - expressed chemokine ( LEC ) / CCL16 is a human CC chemokine selectively expressed in the liver .
The current data are consistent with the main role of the IFN - gamma dimer being to decrease the dissociation constant of IFN - gamma for its cellular receptors .
Peptide sequencing and Western blot analysis established that the 265 - kD protein was CBP ( CREB - binding protein ) , a recently identified transcriptional coactivator .
Using a structure - function mutagenesis approach , two tyrosine residues ( Tyr427 and Tyr477 ) in the intracellular domain of the murine IL - 10 receptor were found to be redundantly required for receptor function and for activation of Stat3 but not for Stat1 or Stat5 .
The binding epitopes of BMP - 2 for BMPR - IA ( type I ) and BMPR - II or ActR - II ( type II ) were characterized using BMP - 2 mutant proteins for analysis of interactions with receptor ectodomains .
Cloning of TRAP , a ligand for CD40 on human T cells .
Functional participation of the IL - 2 receptor gamma chain in IL - 7 receptor complexes .
Furthermore , p21 blocks the ability of PCNA to activate DNA polymerase delta , the principal replicative DNA polymerase .
Two human genes were identified that could interact with cyclin E to perform START in yeast containing a cdc28 mutation .
We found that YY1 and Sp1 can form a physical complex .
Through their interaction with the ErbB family of receptors ( ErbB2 , ErbB3 and ErbB4 ) , neuregulins help to regulate cell growth and differentiation in many tissues .
Other recent studies have identified human cyclin D1 ( PRAD1 ) as a putative G1 cyclin and candidate proto - oncogene .
The rates of extensive ST - 3 expression and decreased E - cadherin expression were significantly higher in the de novo group ( P = 0 . 014 and 0 . 005 , respectively ) .
We found that deletion of the carboxyl - terminal 28 amino acids of PU . 1 disrupted PU . 1 - NF - IL6 beta physical interaction .
In a number of human T cell clones , expression of hIL - 10R mRNA is down - regulated after activation of the cells with anti - CD3 Ab and phorbol ester .
Expression cloning and characterization of a human IL - 10 receptor .
In contrast , mutant p53 either had no effect or activated the transcriptional activity of h - TR beta 1 depending on the type of hormone response elements .
Transcription factor TFIID consists of TATA binding protein ( TBP ) and at least eight TBP - associated factors ( TAFs ) .
CD30 and its counter - receptor CD30 ligand ( CD30L ) are members of the TNF - receptor / TNFalpha superfamily and function to regulate lymphocyte survival and differentiation .
The retinoblastoma protein associates with the protein phosphatase type 1 catalytic subunit .
The HFE - TfR complex suggests a binding site for transferrin on TfR and sheds light upon the function of HFE in regulating iron homeostasis .
MAP kinase and the protein kinase that activates it ( MAP kinase kinase ) were constitutively activated in NIH 3T3 cells infected with viruses containing either of two oncogenic forms ( p35EC12 , p3722W ) of the c - Raf - 1 protein kinase .
SNX1 contains a region of homology to a yeast vacuolar sorting protein , and overexpression of SNX1 decreased the amount of EGFR on the cell surface as a result of enhanced rates of constitutive and ligand - induced degradation .
Bone morphogenetic proteins ( BMPs ) belong to the large transforming growth factor - beta ( TGF - beta ) superfamily of multifunctional cytokines .
Here we report that ( 1 ) there is an accumulation of Rb protein in the nucleoli of differentiated U937 cells which correlates with inhibition of rDNA transcription ; ( 2 ) addition of Rb to an in vitro transcription system inhibits transcription by RNA polymerase I ; ( 3 ) this inhibition requires a functional Rb pocket ; and ( 4 ) Rb specifically inhibits the activity of the RNA polymerase I transcription factor UBF ( upstream binding factor ) in vitro .
Thus , 14 - 3 - 3 interaction with the Raf - CRD may serve in negative regulation of Raf - 1 function by facilitating dissociation of 14 - 3 - 3 from the NH2 terminus of Raf - 1 to promote subsequent events necessary for full activation of Raf - 1 .
We report here the identification of one such human cellular Rb - associated protein of relative molecular mass 46 , 000 ( 46K ) ( RbAP46 ) .
In the end we refer to the relations between circulating RAS of renal origin and the extrarenal RAS specific to tissue underlying the fact that the two RAS components cooperate and constitute a unitary hormonal system , regulating the major functions of the organism and maintaining the main homeostatic equilibria .
Interaction of the p85 subunit of PI 3 - kinase with the insulin receptor ( IR ) and the IGF - 1 receptor ( IGF - 1R ) was investigated using the two - hybrid system by assessing for his3 and lacZ activation in S . cerevisiae .
When [ Ca2 + ] i changes were monitored in stably transfected human embryonic kidney 293 cells , ( MIP ) - 1 alpha MIP and RANTES were both potent agonists for CC CKR3 and CC CKR1 .
Repression of CTF - 1 - directed transcription may be accomplished through direct physical interaction between YY1 and this activator .
In an unbiased search for potential coactivators of SREBP , we isolated a protein of 265 kD from HeLa cells that directly bound SREBP - 1 and SREBP - 2 .
These proteins , 14 - 3 - 3 zeta ( PLA2 ) and 14 - 3 - 3 beta ( HS1 ) , are members of the 14 - 3 - 3 family of proteins .
In contrast , cancer patients exhibited significantly decreased levels of granulysin expression ( P < 0 . 005 ) , despite having equally high levels of perforin expression in comparison with healthy controls .
In contrast , in normal nasal tissues , COX - 2 labeling was only found in the vascular wall , and the expression was weaker - - a finding demonstrating that COX - 2 is upregulated in nasal polyps .
Therefore , 1 ) the presence of GRs and COX - 2 in nasal polyps from nonallergic patients , as well as upregulation of COX - 2 expression , suggests that inflammation may play an important role in the pathophysiology of nasal polyps ; and 2 ) glucocorticoid could be a potential treatment method for suppressing inflammatory processes .
Substitution of phenylalanine at position 93 ( Phe93 ) with alanine ( F93A mutation ) resulted in a drastic reduction in EPO binding in the EBP .
XPG protein interacts with multiple subunits of TFIIH and with CSB protein .
Taken together , LEC is a new low - affinity functional ligand for CCR1 , CCR2 and CCR5 , and is constitutively expressed by liver parenchymal cells .
Tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) can induce apoptosis and activate NF - kappa B through signaling cascades emanating from TNF receptor 1 ( TNFR1 ) .
Hemopoietic cell proliferation is mediated by non - tyrosine and tyrosine kinases that signal via uncommon and common sets of downstream effector molecules including the Grb2 / c - Cbl .
Each of these molecules binds to the type I IL - 1 receptor ( IL1R ) .
Microinjection of anti - cdc25A antibodies into HeLa cells causes their arrest in mitosis . cdc25A and cdc25B display endogenous tyrosine phosphatase activity that is stimulated several - fold , in the absence of cdc2 , by stoichiometric addition of either cyclin B1 or B2 but not A or D1 .
PS1 suppressed c - jun - associated apoptosis by retinoic acid in F9 embryonic carcinoma cells , whereas this suppression of apoptosis is attenuated by mutation in PS1 .
Interleukin - 2 ( IL - 2 ) signaling requires the dimerization of the IL - 2 receptor beta . ( IL - 2R beta ) and common gamma ( gamma c ) chains .
In contrast , physical interaction is not necessary for YY1 to repress Sp1 - and CREB - mediated transcription .
How Rb acts to bring about this suppression is not clear but one clue is that the Rb protein forms complexes with the transforming oncoproteins of several DNA tumour viruses , and that two regions of Rb essential for such binding frequently contain mutations in tumour cells .
Our results demonstrated that CaR was expressed in human gastrinoma cells and could be involved in the mechanism of calcium - evoked gastrin release .
Superposition of the CNTF and growth hormone structures showed that the location of these epitopes on CNTF is analogous to the location of the first and second receptor epitopes on the surface of growth hormone .
Cross - family interaction between the bHLHZip USF and bZip Fra1 proteins results in down - regulation of AP1 activity .
Two potentially oncogenic cyclins , cyclin A and cyclin D1 , share common properties of subunit configuration , tyrosine phosphorylation and physical association with the Rb protein
The crystal structure of the human p27Kip1 kinase inhibitory domain bound to the phosphorylated cyclin A - cyclin - dependent kinase 2 ( Cdk2 ) complex has been determined at 2 . 3 angstrom .
The crystal structure of the homodimeric BB isoform of human recombinant platelet - derived growth factor ( PDGF - BB ) has been determined by X - ray analysis to 3 . 0 A resolution .
Abolition of the gp130 binding site in hLIF created antagonists of LIF action .
Phage enzyme - linked immunosorbent assay was used to determine affinities for binding to both the TPO receptor and five anti - TPO1 - 153 monoclonal antibodies .
Analysis of the oligomerization of myogenin and E2A products in vivo using a two - hybrid assay system .
We found hGITRL mRNA in several peripheral tissues , and detected hGITRL protein on cultured vascular endothelial cells .
We employed both random and site - specific mutagenesis to determine the function of amino acid residues in the extracellular domain ( referred to as EPO binding protein , EBP ) of the EPOR .
In addition , the anti - calnexin antiserum immunoprecipitated a UV - dependent cross - linking product consisting of GT155 and a protein of approximately 60 kDa designated CAP - 60 ( calnexin - associated protein of 60 kDa ) .
At least two of the subunits of TFIIH ( XPB and XPD proteins ) are implicated in the disease xeroderma pigmentosum ( XP ) .
Presenilin 1 ( PS1 ) mutations account for the majority of early - onset dominant cases of familial Alzheimer ' s disease .
In a previous work , we predicted and demonstrated that the 29 - 42 - residue fragment of beta - amyloid peptide ( Abeta peptide ) has in vitro capacities close to those of the tilted fragment of viral fusion proteins .
In contrast , p27 complexes containing CDK2 are incapable of phosphorylating histone H1 .
Immunoblotting studies were used to confirm the binding of FXIII from fresh platelet lysates to the HSP27 fusion protein .
The cross - reactivity of gp130 is apparently due to a chemical plasticity evident in the amphipathic gp130 cytokine - binding sites .
A double point mutation in the activation domain of p53 impaired the ability of this domain to activate transcription and , simultaneously , its ability to interact with both TAFII40 and TAFII60 .
FGF - 7 contains this primary site as well as a region that restricts interaction with FGFR1 .
RIP also interacts weakly with the p55 tumor necrosis factor receptor ( TNFR1 ) intracellular domain , but not with a mutant version of Fas corresponding to the murine lprcg mutation .
DESIGN : We took advantage of previously collected data during a randomised double - blind , placebo - controlled clinical trial to conduct a secondary analysis of the RBP / TTR ratio and its relationship to infection and VA status .
Preincubation with the ET ( A ) receptor antagonist FR139317 ( 1 microM ) decreased significantly ( P < 0 . 005 ) the potency of ET - I in both atrial and ventricular trabeculae , without any significant changes in Emax ( maximum effect obtained with an agonist ) .
The purpose of the present comparative immunohistochemical study was to compare rates of cell adhesion molecule ( E - cadherin ) and protease [ stromelysin - 3 ( ST - 3 ) ] expression in groups of de novo ( n = 64 ) and ex adenoma ( n = 42 ) lesions in order to see whether their more aggressive behavior is associated with decreased cell adhesion and increased protease expression .
Thus , SNX1 is likely to play a role in sorting EGFR to lysosomes .
We have isolated a human cDNA encoding the first eosinophil - selective chemokine receptor , designated CC chemokine receptor 3 ( CC CKR3 ) .
These data suggest that anchoring proteins interact with RII alpha via an amphipathic helix binding motif .
Immunoprecipitation of unactivated avian progesterone receptor results in the copurification of hsp90 , hsp70 , and three additional proteins , p54 , p50 , and p23 .
A gp120 fragment retaining the CD4 - binding site and overlapping epitopes was able to interact with CCR - 5 only if the V3 loop , which can specify HIV - 1 tropism and chemokine receptor choice , was also present on the molecule .
We observed that the protein HOX11 interacted with protein serine - threonine phosphatase 2A catalytic subunit ( PP2AC ) , as well as protein phosphatase 1 ( PP1C ) in mammalian cells .
In addition we have been able to identify complexes of pRB and RBP1 in vivo that are dissociated in the presence of purified human papillomavirus E7 protein .
Taken together our results demonstrate that c - Cbl plays an important role in coupling both tyrosine and non - tyrosine kinase receptors to downstream effector molecules and that different signaling molecules interact with Grb2 / c - Cbl complex when non - tyrosine or tyrosine kinase receptors are activated .
We show that the carboxy terminal " tail " of DPI associates directly with the amino terminal " head " of type II epidermal keratins , including K1 , K2 , K5 , and K6 .
The ability of c - Fos and c - Jun proteins to interact directly with the TATA box - binding protein ( TBP ) , the general transcription factor required for initiating the assembly of transcription complexes , was investigated .
We show that the POU homeodomain of Oct2 and the evolutionarily conserved C - terminal core domain of TBP are both required and sufficient for the interaction .
Sos complex via the adapter protein Shc .
We expressed the cDNA of human beta 1 - syntrophin and the COOH terminus of human dystrophin in reticulocyte lysates using an in vitro transcription / translation system .
Activated FGFR3 predominantly interacts with GRB2 .
These results demonstrate that Rb interacts specifically with a lineage - restricted Ets transcription factor .
Rather , the hydrophobic amino acid residues Leu - 22 and Trp - 23 of human p53 are both required for trans - activation activity , binding to the adenovirus E1B 55 - kD protein and the human mdm - 2 - p53 protein in vitro .
Using several complementary approaches , we investigated the formation of homomeric and heteromeric complexes between the two known BMP type I receptors ( BR - Ia and BR - Ib ) and the BMP type II receptor ( BR - II ) .
Flow cytometric analysis demonstrated high levels of perforin and granulysin expression by CD3 ( - ) CD16 ( + ) cells in healthy controls .
A secondary consequence of destabilizing RII beta dimers is the loss of intracellular targeting / anchoring capacity because monomers fail to bind AKAP75 .
The results showed that IL - 11 and IL - 6 can both stimulate cell proliferation , induce similar pattern of protein tyrosine phosphorylation , and activate the same proto - oncogene ( junB ) expression in TF - 1 cells .
In this report we show that in response to insulin , GRB2 forms a stable complex with two tyrosine - phosphorylated proteins .
Yeast two - hybrid assay , GST binding assay and immunoprecipitation demonstrated that delta - catenin interacted with a hydrophilic loop region in the endoproteolytic C - terminal fragment of PS1 , but not with that of PS - 2 .
This suggests that one domain of IFN - gamma is sufficient to recruit IFN - gamma R alpha and IFN - gamma R beta into a complex competent for eliciting biological activity .
Because IL - 10 inhibits macrophage activation by IFN - gamma , this relationship suggests possible shared receptor or signal transduction pathway components .
The genes for MPIF - 2 / eotaxin - 2 ( SCYA24 ) and eotaxin - 3 ( SCYA26 ) are localized within a region of approximately 40 kilobases .
Here we report that stimulation of Sp1 - mediated transcription by RB is partially abrogated at the nonpermissive temperature in ts13 cells .
Consistent with its role as a coactivator , CBP augments the activity of phosphorylated CREB to activate transcription of cAMP - responsive genes .
In addition , p27 associates with three different CDKs : CDK2 , CDK4 , and CDK6 .
A cellular protein that competes with SV40 T antigen for binding to the retinoblastoma gene product .
Activin A , a member of the TGFbeta superfamily , has various effects on diverse biological systems , including cell growth inhibition in many cell types .
ICE was also shown to cleave the precursor of interferon - gamma inducing factor ( IGIF ) at the authentic processing site with high efficiency , thereby activating IGIF and facilitating its export .
Molecular cloning of a novel human CC chemokine ( Eotaxin - 3 ) that is a functional ligand of CC chemokine receptor 3 .
Co - immunoprecipitation experiments demonstrated an association between Elf - 1 and Rb in resting normal human T cells .
CD9 was detected in beta 1 integrin immunoprecipitates and also in immunoprecipitates of CD44 and syndecan , but not of cadherins .
The tyrosine kinases Flt4 , Flt1 , and Flk1 ( or KDR ) constitute a family of endothelial cell - specific receptors with seven immunoglobulin - like domains and a split kinase domain .
Despite binding to only one IFN - gamma R alpha , IFN - gamma SC1 is biologically active in cell proliferation , MHC class I induction , and anti - viral assays .
Significantly , Ha - Ras partially activates JNK1 and potentiates the activation caused by UV .
The gastrin - induced phosphorylation of IRS - 1 was rapid and transient , occurring within 30 s of treatment and diminishing thereafter .
From these results , it appears that p60 is a key mediator in the chaperoned assembly and functional maturation of PR complexes .
Using a genetic selection based on protein - protein interaction in yeast , we have identified two gene products that associate with the intracellular domain of Fas : Fas itself , and a novel 74 kDa protein we have named RIP , for receptor interacting protein .
Here we show that beta : beta activin binds to the activin type II receptor kinase ( ActRII ) which induces activin binding to the type I receptor kinase SKR2 to form ActRII . beta : beta .
Interaction with RAP74 subunit of TFIIF is required for transcriptional activation by serum response factor .
Raf1 interaction with Cdc25 phosphatase ties mitogenic signal transduction to cell cycle activation .
The Raf - CRD is located in the NH2 - terminal negative regulatory domain of Raf - 1 and is highly homologous to cysteine - rich domains found in protein kinase C family members .
These results , obtained from a variety of experimental techniques , highlight the importance of two distinct regions of the extracellular domain of the TRKB receptor in binding BDNF .
A truncated version of the integral membrane glycoprotein Glut 1 ( GT155 ) was synthesized in a rabbit reticulocyte translation system in the presence of canine pancreatic microsomes .
These results suggest that TPO has two distinct receptor - binding sites that function to dimerize TPO receptors in a sequential fashion .
Interestingly , the ifnar2 binding site overlaps the largest continuous hydrophobic patch on IFNalpha2 .
CD30L binding by CD30 is blocked by MAb that recognize epitopes belonging to cluster Group A ( like Ber - H2 , Ber - H8 , and HRS - 4 ) as well as cluster Group C ( like HeFi - 1 and M44 ) .
Here we show that Syk and Lyn from human B lymphocytes can interact directly .
The results show that myogenin heterodimerizes with E12 and E47 in vivo , but it does not homodimerize to a measurable extent .
Withdrawal from the cell cycle of differentiating myocytes is regulated by the myogenic basic helix - loop - helix ( bHLH ) protein MyoD and the pocket proteins pRb , p107 and pRb2 / p130 .
Two cDNA clones encoding a receptor for human granulocyte - macrophage colony - stimulating factor ( hGM - CSF - R ) were isolated by expression screening of a library made from human placental mRNA .
This protein , designated VEGF - related protein ( VRP ) , specifically binds to the extracellular domain of Flt4 , stimulates the tyrosine phosphorylation of Flt4 expressed in mammalian cells , and promotes the mitogenesis of human lung endothelial cells .
BMP - 2 is a homodimeric cysteine knot protein that , as a member of the transforming growth factor - beta ( TGF - beta ) superfamily , signals by oligomerizing type I and type II receptor serine - kinases in the cell membrane .
We found that ADA was associated with CD26 on T cell lines lacking either ADA or dipeptidyl peptidase IV enzymatic activity , indicating that the association between dipeptidyl peptidase IV and ADA did not require enzymatic activity .
Furthermore , a bacterially expressed v - Raf fusion protein ( glutathione S - transferase - p3722W ) also activated MAP kinase kinase in vitro .
There was extensive co - localisation of CD9 and beta 1 integrins on microvilli and at cell - cell borders of basal keratinocytes ; however , in contrast to the integrins , CD9 was not found in focal adhesions .
In the baculovirus coexpression system , Raf - 1 was activated by JAK2 in the presence of p21ras .
The same domain of RIN1 that binds RAS also interacts with 14 - 3 - 3 proteins , extending the similarity between RIN1 and other RAS effectors .
Levels of p16 ( INK4a ) and p57 ( KIP2 ) rise in HUCs during progressive passages , whereas only p16 increases in HPEC cultures .
A direct interaction between G - protein beta gamma subunits and the Raf - 1 protein kinase .
These same p53 residues are also involved in transactivation , supporting the hypothesis that MDM2 inactivates p53 by concealing its transactivation domain .
Although GRB2 associates with IRS - 1 and Shc , it is not tyrosine - phosphorylated after insulin stimulation , implying that GRB2 is not a substrate for the insulin receptor .
Evidence for a differential interaction of SHC and the insulin receptor substrate - 1 ( IRS - 1 ) with the insulin - like growth factor - I ( IGF - I ) receptor in the yeast two - hybrid system .
Under these conditions , a ternary complex of p21ras , JAK2 , and Raf - 1 was observed .
More importantly , adenosine in the absence of cell surface ADA inhibited T cell proliferation and IL - 2 production induced by various stimuli .
When transfected into COS cells the cloned cDNA directed the expression of a GM - CSF - R showing a single class of affinity ( KD = 2 ( - 8 ) nM ) and specificity for human GM - CSF but not interleukin - 3 .
The interface relies on the steric complementarity between the MDM2 cleft and the hydrophobic face of the p53 alpha helix and , in particular , on a triad of p53 amino acids - Phe19 , Trp23 , and Leu26 - which insert deep into the MDM2 cleft .
Moreover , using immunoelectron microscopy , we demonstrated that CD26 and ADA co - localized on the cell surface , but not inside cells , suggesting that CD26 did not transport ADA to the surface .
Subsequently , supernatants from selected cell lines were fractionated directly by receptor affinity chromatography , resulting in the single - step purification of B61 , a protein previously identified as the product of an early response gene induced by tumour necrosis factor - alpha .
Finally , our data highlight the crucial role of the juxtamembrane domain in signaling by both the IR and the IGF - IR .
Here , we demonstrate that TR6 specifically binds two cellular ligands , LIGHT ( herpes virus entry mediator ( HVEM ) - L ) and Fas ligand ( FasL / CD95L ) .
The death - inducing receptor Fas is activated when cross - linked by the type II membrane protein Fas ligand ( FasL ) .
Glycine - 12 in the transition state mimic is within van der Waals distance of both arginine - 789 of GAP - 334 and glutamine - 61 of Ras , and even its mutation to alanine would disturb the arrangements of residues in the transition state .
The interactions between GRB2 and these two proteins require ligand activation of the insulin receptor and are mediated by the binding of the SH2 domain of GRB2 to phosphotyrosines on both IRS - 1 and Shc .
Tumour - suppressor genes , such as the human retinoblastoma susceptibility gene ( Rb ) , are widely recognized as being vital in the control of cell growth and tumour formation .
A domain is conserved between RIZ and the PRDI - BF1 / Blimp - 1 differentiation factor .
The Oct1 POU domain , which is highly homologous to the Oct2 POU domain , likewise mediates interaction with TBP .
Differential expression of granulysin and perforin by NK cells in cancer patients and correlation of impaired granulysin expression withprogression of cancer .
TR6 inhibited LIGHT - induced cytotoxicity in HT29 cells .
TRADD - TRAF2 and TRADD - FADD interactions define two distinct TNF receptor 1 signal transduction pathways .
We found that in addition to MIP - 1beta , MIP - 1alpha , and RANTES , five other CC - chemokines could compete for [ ( 125 ) I ] - MIP - 1beta binding : MCP - 2 , MCP - 3 , MCP - 4 , MCP - 1 , and eotaxin binding was characterized by IC ( 50 ) values of 0 . 22 , 2 . 14 , 5 . 89 , 29 . 9 , and 21 . 7 nmol / L , respectively .
It does not contain a tyrosine kinase domain nor show homology with members of the immunoglobulin super gene family , but does show some significant sequence homologies with receptors for several other haemopoietic growth factors , including those for interleukin - 6 , erythropoietin and interleukin - 2 ( beta - chain ) and also to the prolactin receptor .
BACKGROUND : To elucidate the relationship between the expression of epidermal growth factor receptor family members ( ErbB - 1 , neu / ErbB - 2 , ErbB - 3 , and ErbB - 4 ) and tumor recurrence .
Eotaxin - 3 induced transient calcium mobilization specifically in CC chemokine receptor 3 ( CCR3 ) - expressing L1 . 2 cells with an EC ( 50 ) of 3 nM .
These cells contain a temperature - sensitive mutation in the TATA - binding protein - associated factor TAFII250 , first identified as the cell cycle regulatory protein CCG1 .
The motif may represent an activating domain that has to be provided to cdc25 by intermolecular interaction with cyclin B .
Soluble interleukin 2 receptor and interleukin 1alpha in toxic epidermal necrolysis : a comparative analysis of serum and blister fluid samples .
However , the various E2F / DP complexes display strong differences in the ability to bind to either pRB or p107 in vivo , and the specificity of pRB or p107 binding is mediated by the E2F subunit .
The extracellular domain of the human neurotrophin TRKB receptor expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells is a highly glycosylated protein , possessing binding ability for brain - derived neurotrophic factor ( BDNF ) .
Our data indicate that , in differentiating myocytes , one mechanism through which MyoD induces permanent cell cycle arrest involves p21 upregulation and suppression of the proliferation - associated cdks - containing E2F complexes formation .
The growth - promoting effects of gastrin on normal and neoplastic gastrointestinal tissues have been shown to be mediated by the gastrin / CCKB receptor , which belongs to the family of G protein - coupled receptors .
We report an interaction between the human PS1 or PS2 hydrophilic loop and Rab11 , a small GTPase belonging to the Ras - related superfamily .
Bcl - X - L displayed the same pattern of combinatorial interactions with Bcl - 2 family proteins as Bcl - 2 .
Although numerous studies revealed predominant localization of PS1 to endoplasmic reticulum and Golgi , there are conflicting reports on the localization of PS1 to the cell surface .
This transcriptional activity is inhibited by association with the retinoblastoma tumor suppressor protein ( pRB ) or its relatives p107 and p103 .
The hGH and hPRL receptors ( hGHR and hPRLR , respectively ) are single - pass transmembrane receptors from class 1 of the haematopoietic receptor superfamily .
Some of these extracellular stimuli arrest cells in the G1 phase of the mitotic division cycle and modulate the activity of the tumor suppressor protein Rb and its partner E2F - 1 .
Stat3 recruitment by two distinct ligand - induced , tyrosine - phosphorylated docking sites in the interleukin - 10 receptor intracellular domain .
Comparison of the two crystallographically distinct protein - DNA complexes show that the coiled - coil is flexibly joined to the basic regions and that the Fos - Jun heterodimer does not recognize the asymmetric 5 ' - TGAGTCA - 3 ' recognition element in a unique orientation .
Here we show that the general transcription factor TFIIF is also a target for a transcriptional activator , namely serum response factor ( SRF ) , which binds to the c - fos promoter .
These observations suggest that the products of the CSA and CSB genes are involved in transcription .
However , the function of HSP27 and the identity of proteins that interact with HSP27 remain unknown .
Mouse IL - 10 does not bind to hIL - 10R , and hIL - 10R - expressing Ba / F3 cells do not respond to the mouse cytokine , observations consistent with the known species specificity of IL - 10 .
Raf - 1 is a serine / threonine protein kinase positioned downstream of Ras in the mitogen - activated protein kinase cascade .
One was CDC2 - HS , and the second was the human homolog of Xenopus CDK2 .
Isothermal titration calorimetry shows that IFN - gamma SC1 forms a 1 : 1 complex with its high - affinity receptor ( IFN - gamma R alpha ) with an affinity of 27 ( + / - 9 ) nM .
MATERIALS AND METHODS : We measured levels of IL - 8 , interferon - gamma , IL - 2 and IL - 10 in the seminal plasma of 31 patients with chronic prostatitis - chronic pelvic pain syndrome and 14 controls using enzyme - linked immunosorbent assay .
In neurons cAMP - dependent protein kinase II beta ( PKAII beta ) is sequestered in the dendritic cytoskeleton because the regulatory subunit ( RII beta ) of the enzyme is tightly bound by A Kinase Anchor Proteins ( AKAPs ) .
The core domain contains the sequence - specific DNA binding activity and the in vitro 53BP2 protein binding activity of p53 .
In vivo labelling with 32P ( i ) also showed a four - to fivefold increase in Y - 394 occupancy in p56lck when associated with CD5 .
Here we report the three - dimensional structure of IL - 1beta bound to the extracellular domain of IL1R ( s - IL1R ) at 2 . 5 A resolution .
Elf - 1 binds exclusively to the underphosphorylated form of Rb and fails to bind to Rb mutants derived from patients with retinoblastoma .
U2AF65 binds specifically to 3 ' splice sites , but previous studies failed to demonstrate a function for U2AF35 .
As observed with the homologous Drosophila proteins , hTAFII20 interacts directly with TBP ; however , additional interactions between hTAFII20 and hTAFII28 or hTAFII30 were detected .
The cyclin - dependent kinase Cdk2 associates with cyclins A , D , and E and has been implicated in the control of the G1 to S phase transition in mammals .
In this study the origin and function of the p90 and p76 molecules have been investigated .
TNFalpha , alpha1AT , and complement factors C3 and C4 concentrations were measured simultaneously in blood and serous effusion using commercially available methods .
FGF - 7 recognizes one FGFR isoform known as the FGFR2 IIIb isoform or keratinocyte growth factor receptor ( KGFR ) , whereas FGF - 2 binds well to FGFR1 , FGFR2 , and FGFR4 but interacts poorly with KGFR .
Rhodanese and glutamine synthetase were chosen as substrates because they exhibit different solution requirements for the chaperonin system and they form stable " folding arrested " complexes with groEL .
In vivo complexes of Raf - 1 and G beta gamma were isolated from human embryonic kidney 293 - T cells transfected with epitope - tagged G beta 2 .
Deletion of the complete active - site [ des - ( 161 - 228 ) - MMP - 1 ] within the catalytic domain , or mutation of a single His residue of the Zn2 + binding domain ( His199 ) , generates stable forms of MMP - 1 proteins which are unable to digest collagen type I or beta - casein .
These antibodies specifically immunoprecipitate p23 in complex with hsp90 in all tissues tested and can be used to immunoaffinity isolate progesterone receptor complexes from chicken oviduct cytosol .
This is the first study to provide observational evidence of the involvement of BMP - 2 signaling in the pathogenesis of cartilage cap of osteochondroma . and suggests the role of BMP - 2 in the growth of cartilage cap in osteochondroma .
Nevertheless , the overall size and length of the cytoplasmic domain of IL - 13Ralpha and gammac are similar , and like gammac , IL - 13Ralpha is located on chromosome X .
14 - 3 - 3 zeta negatively regulates raf - 1 activity by interactions with the Raf - 1 cysteine - rich domain .
We have exploited the availability of the cloned XPB , XPD , p62 , p44 , and p34 genes ( all of which encode polypeptide subunits of TFIIH ) to examine interactions between in vitro - translated polypeptides by co - immunoprecipitation .
Previously , we mapped the novel CC chemokine myeloid progenitor inhibitory factor 2 ( MPIF - 2 ) / eotaxin - 2 to chromosome 7q11 . 23 ( Nomiyama , H . , Osborne , L . R . , Imai , T . , Kusuda , J . , Miura , R . , Tsui , L . - C . , and Yoshie , O . ( 1998 ) Genomics 49 , 339 - 340 ) .
Syk and Lyn coimmunoprecipitated from mature and activated B - cell lines , and gel - purified Syk and Lyn reassociated in vitro , demonstrating their direct interaction .
Using co - immunoprecipitation and protein - protein association assays , we show that both c - Fos and c - Jun bind specifically and stably to TBP . Mutational analysis demonstrates that both the basic region and leucine zipper domains of c - Fos and c - Jun are necessary and sufficient for stable association with TBP .
The retinoblastoma protein binds to RIZ , a zinc - finger protein that shares an epitope with the adenovirus E1A protein .
Using immunoprecipitation techniques , we have determined the rates at which rhodanese and glutamine synthetase ( GS ) are released from groEL in a form committed to refold to active enzyme .
Lipopolysaccharide - activated ICE - deficient ( ICE - / - ) Kupffer cells synthesized the IGIF precursor but failed to process it into the active form .
14 - 3 - 3 protein , however , has no effect on the cdc25A - kinase activity of Raf - 1 .
The beta : beta activin homodimer and alpha : beta inhibin heterodimer are mutual antagonists which share a common beta subunit .
These data show that USF and Fra1 physically and functionally interact demonstrating that cross - talk occurs between factors of distantly related transcription families .
Finally , activated FGFR3 was also found to result in phosphorylation of phospholipase C - gamma but reduced phosphorylation of c - Src .
Insulin receptor substrate 1 ( IRS - 1 ) is a major substrate of the insulin receptor and has been implicated in insulin signaling .
These findings indicate that ATM is involved in the activation of c - Abl by DNA damage and this interaction may in part mediate radiation - induced G1 arrest .
We demonstrate that Grb7 binds to SHPTP2 in vitro under conditions where the latter is tyrosine - phosphorylated .
The molecular adapter c - Cbl is rapidly tyrosine phosphorylated following stimulation through the TCR and associates with Src homology domain - 2 ( SH2 ) / SH3 domain - containing adapters such as Grb2 , Crk , and Crk - L , which interact with guanine nucleotide exchange factors specific for the Ras family .
Recombinant hTAFII250 binds directly to TBP both in vitro and in yeast , and participates in the formation of the TFIID complex .
Two distinct and independent sites on IL - 6 trigger gp 130 dimer formation and signalling .
CIP1 encodes a novel 21 kd protein that is found in cyclin A , cyclin D1 , cyclin E , and Cdk2 immunoprecipitates .
RB , the protein product of the retinoblastoma tumor - suppressor gene , regulates the activity of specific transcription factors .
The results of this study suggest that NF - kappaB activity may be regulated by its interaction with the cell cycle regulatory protein , E2F - 1 .
We screened for proteins that bind to PS1 from a human embryonic brain cDNA library using the two - hybrid method and isolated one clone encoding the QM / Jif - 1 gene .
The screen identified interactions involving c - Cbl and two 14 - 3 - 3 isoforms , cytokeratin 18 , human unconventional myosin IC , and a recently identified SH3 domain containing protein , SH3 P17 .
The retinoblastoma gene product ( Rb ) is a nuclear phosphoprotein that regulates cell cycle progression .
The structures of TfR alone and complexed with HFE differ in their domain arrangement and dimer interfaces , providing a mechanism for communicating binding events between TfR chains .
This suggests that c - Cbl may link TCR activation to molecules that regulate GTP binding proteins .
We have examined early signals triggered by IL - 11 or IL - 6 in a multifactor - dependent human erythroleukemic cell line , TF - 1 .
Several phosphoproteins , including one of 72 kDa and one of 120 kDa , coprecipitated with phospholipase C - gamma 1 ( PLC gamma 1 ) .
The X - ray structure of a growth hormone - prolactin receptor complex .
c - Myc and p53 are two proteins that have critical roles in the regulation of apoptosis and the cell cycle .
Furthermore , we have identified a short sequence motif ( YV / IN ) present in IRS - 1 , EGFR and Shc , which specifically binds the SH2 domain of GRB2 with high affinity .
This information is useful for applying these MAbs in functional studies to further investigate the CD30 / CD30L system and for designing assays for soluble CD30L .
Interferon - gamma and IGIF were diminished in the sera of ICE - / - mice exposed to Propionibacterium acnes and lipopolysaccharide .
Cyclin E produced in E . coli bound and activated the CDC2 protein in extracts from human G1 cells , and antibodies against cyclin E immunoprecipitated a histone H1 kinase from HeLa cells .
LEC induced maximal migration of CCR1 and CCR8 transfected cells at 89 . 3 nmol / L and cell adhesion at 5 . 6 nmol / L .
Levels of IFN - gamma were slightly increased following IFN - alpha treatment ( P = 0 . 09 ) .
Crystal structure of the type - I interleukin - 1 receptor complexed with interleukin - 1beta .
Hepatitis B virus X protein ( HBx ) transactivates viral and cellular genes through a wide variety of cis - elements .
Taken together these data suggest that the 76 - kDa receptor is a novel high affinity IL - 7R that may be necessary for IL - 7 driven proliferation in human T cells .
Further , anti - CD5 and anti - p56lck coprecipitated each other in a variety of detergents , including Nonidet P - 40 and Triton X - 100 .
Monomeric ( IL - 6M ) and dimeric ( IL - 6D ) forms of Escherichia coli - derived human IL - 6 and the extracellular ( " soluble " ) portions of the IL - 6 receptor ( sIL - 6R ) and gp130 have been purified in order to investigate the effect of IL - 6 dimerization on binding to the receptor complex .
In addition to co - immunoprecipitation analysis , we have established a rapid and sensitive ELISA assay using immobilized rTIMP to determine the structural requirements of MMP - 1 to form complexes with its inhibitor .
Here , we demonstrate that E2F - 1 may regulate the activity of the HIV - 1 long terminal repeat through its ability to bind sequences in the NF - kappaB enhancer region and to interact with the NF - kappaB subunit , p50 .
After T cell activation , the phosphorylation of Rb results in the release of Elf - 1 , which is correlated temporally with the activation of Elf - 1 - mediated transcription .
These Ala mutants triggered neutrophil degranulation and induced calcium responses mediated by CXCR1 and CXCR2 .
Raf - 1 , which is known to bind 14 - 3 - 3 proteins , has recently been shown to associate with cdc25A and to stimulate its phosphatase activity .
Presenilin 1 ( PS1 ) is the causative gene for an autosomal dominant familial Alzheimer ' s disease ( AD ) mapped to chromosome 14 .
These results suggest that the RAD52 - dependent processes , cell cycle control , p53 - mediated pathway ( s ) , and ubiquitination interact through human UBE2I .
The cytokine , designated interleukin - 15 ( IL - 15 ) , is produced by a wide variety of cells and tissues and shares many biological properties with IL - 2 .
Gel retardation / immunoblot analysis using purified E2F - 1 and p50 homodimers reveals the presence of complexes containing both proteins .
The levels of hGITR mRNA in tissues were generally low ; in peripheral blood T cells , however , antigen - receptor stimulation led to a substantial induction of hGITR transcripts .
RANTES interacts with CCR5 and SDF - 1 with CXCR4 receptors .
Shedding of the extracellular domain of TNF - R2 was induced by 4 beta - phorbol 12 - myristate 13 - acetate but not by TNF - alpha or TNF - beta .
We have previously identified IL - 11 specific binding protein which is distinct from that of IL - 6 in a number of cell lines .
Studies of the IL - 6 ternary complex formation demonstrated that the reduced biological potency of IL - 6D resulted from a decreased ability of the IL - 6D ( sIL - 6R ) 2 complex to couple with the soluble portion of gp130 .
Further , polyclonal antibodies to human calreticulin significantly inhibited the mitogenic activity of fibrinogen B beta chain on human fibroblasts .
In the 2 . 4 angstrom crystal structure of the extracellular signaling assembly between viral IL - 6 and human gp130 , two complexes are cross - linked into a tetramer through direct interactions between the immunoglobulin domain of gp130 and site III of viral IL - 6 , which is necessary for receptor activation .
Using a soluble CD30L / CD8alpha chimeric protein , we assessed the ability of anti - CD30 MAb to inhibit the binding of CD30L to CD30 expressed by the CD30 + Karpas 299 cell line .
Shared and unique determinants of the erythropoietin ( EPO ) receptor are important for binding EPO and EPO mimetic peptide .
In this study , we used the two - hybrid assay of protein - protein interaction in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae to study the interaction between human IRS - 1 and the insulin receptor .
This Syk - Lyn interaction may be dependent on the stage of B - cell differentiation , since Syk - Lyn associations were not detected in pre - B and myeloma cell lines and Syk from an immature B - cell line did not reassociate with Lyn in vitro .
Stimulation of fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 ( FGFR3 ) results in a variety of functional effects , including regulation of epithelial cell growth and differentiation .
The interaction can also be observed in vivo , as TBP can be co - precipitated with Oct2 from co - transfected Cos1 cells and TBP co - immunoprecipitates with the endogenous Oct1 from HeLa cells .
A mutant form of human interferon - gamma ( IFN - gamma SC1 ) that binds one IFN - gamma receptor alpha chain ( IFN - gamma R alpha ) has been designed and characterized .
The binding of QM / Jif - 1 to full - length PS1 was confirmed in vitro by pull - down assay , and in vivo by immunoprecipitation assays with human samples , including AD brains .
Immunoelectronmicroscopic analysis showed that QM / Jif - 1 and PS1 are colocalized at the endoplasmic reticulum , and the nuclear matrix in human brain neurons .
A VEGF model based on PDGFb indicated these positively and negatively charged regions are distal in the monomer but are spatially close in the dimer .
Influence of interleukin - 6 ( IL - 6 ) dimerization on formation of the high affinity hexameric IL - 6 . receptor complex .
Interactions of the Bcl - 2 protein with itself and other members of the Bcl - 2 family , including Bcl - X - L , Bcl - X - S , Mcl - 1 , and Bax , were explored with a yeast two - hybrid system .
Interactions involving the human RNA polymerase II transcription / nucleotide excision repair complex TFIIH , the nucleotide excision repair protein XPG , and Cockayne syndrome group B ( CSB ) protein .
Residues in hLIF from both the A - and C - helices are involved in binding the gp130 co - receptor .
TAFII55 is shown to interact with the largest subunit ( TAFII230 ) of human TFIID through its central region and with multiple activators - - including Sp1 , YY1 , USF , CTF , adenoviral E1A , and human immunodeficiency virus - type 1 Tat proteins - - through a distinct amino - terminal domain .
We have therefore investigated whether the octamer binding proteins might physically interact with TBP , the TATA box binding protein component of the TFIID factor .
Their order of selection was alpha1AT effusion , C4 serum , TNFalpha - effusion , and C3 effusion .
Two proteins have been described as constituents of the IL - 4 receptor , a approximately 140 - kDa glycoprotein ( IL - 4R ) and the gamma chain ( gammac ) of the IL - 2 receptor , but neither of these proteins binds IL - 13 .
Moreover , while ITF - 2b inhibited the creatine kinase promoter , it acted as a weak transactivator on an artificial promoter consisting of three tandem copies of the consensus myogenic factor DNA binding site .
In contrast to LexA / Bcl - 2 fusion proteins , expression of a LexA / Bax protein was lethal to yeast .
Here it is shown that the SF3a subunits correspond to three of the 17S U2 snRNP - specific polypeptides .
Eosinophils undergo chemotaxis , degranulate , and exhibit [ C2 + ] i changes in response to the human CC chemokines macrophage inflammatory protein ( MIP ) - 1 alpha , regulated on activation , normal T expressed and secreted ( RANTES ) , and monocyte chemoattractant protein - 3 ( MCP - 3 ) , but the receptors involved have not been defined .
Vascular endothelial growth factor - related protein : a ligand and specific activator of the tyrosine kinase receptor Flt4 .
Tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) and lymphotoxin - alpha ( LT - alpha ) are members of a family of secreted and cell surface cytokines that participate in the regulation of immune and inflammatory responses .
Nuclear extracts deficient in U2AF35 were inactive ; however , both constitutive and enhancer - dependent splicing could be restored by the addition of purified recombinant U2AF35 .
Although Fos / Jun and ATF / CREB were previously thought to interact preferentially with different DNA regulatory elements ( the AP - 1 / TRE and ATF / CRE sites , respectively ) , we find that members of these two families form selective cross - family heterodimers .
Comparisons with the hGH - hGHR complex reveal how hGH can bind to the two distinctly different receptor binding surfaces .
DCs express more CCR5 and CXCR4 mRNA than T cells .
These interactions are UBE2I - specific , since another DNA repair - related ubiquitin - conjugating enzyme , RAD6 ( UBC2 ) , does not interact with these proteins .
The p53 tumour - suppressor protein controls the expression of a gene encoding the p21 cyclin - dependent protein kinase ( CDK ) regulator .
Cell surface PS1 formed complexes in vivo with actin - binding protein filamin ( ABP - 280 ) , which is known to form bridges between cell surface receptors and cytoskeleton and mediate cell adhesion and cell motility .
Mechanism of CDK activation revealed by the structure of a cyclinA - CDK2 complex .
Mutagenesis of the regulatory subunit ( RII beta ) of cAMP - dependent protein kinase II beta reveals hydrophobic amino acids that are essential for RII beta dimerization and / or anchoring RII beta to the cytoskeleton .
Since hsp90 and hsp70 do not readily associate on their own , it appears that p60 is the central organizing component of an hsp90 - p60 - hsp70 complex .
The crystal structure shows that s - IL1R consists of three immunoglobulin - like domains which wrap around IL - 1beta in a manner distinct from the structures of previously described cytokine - receptor complexes .
Furthermore , the amount of p27 is significantly lower than the amount of cyclin D3 in these cells .
Here , we show that TRADD interacts strongly with RIP , another death domain protein that was shown previously to associate with Fas antigen .
In vitro translation studies identified the 66 - kDa protein as the protein product of WASP , and subcellular fractionation experiments showed that p66WASP is mainly present in the cytosol fraction , although significant amounts are also present in membrane and nuclear fractions .
In addition , activation of PI 3 - kinase was detected in anti - IRS - 1 immunoprecipitates from gastrin - treated cells , suggesting that tyrosine phosphorylation of IRS - 1 , which leads to the rapid recruitment of p85 , might be one mechanism used by gastrin to activate PI 3 - kinase .
The sequences that confer on FGF - 7 its specific binding to KGFR have not been identified .
Thus , TR6 may play a regulatory role for suppressing in FasL - and LIGHT - mediated cell death .
The data thus demonstrate specific binding of platelet FXIII to HSP27 and suggest that HSP27 may participate in the cellular localization and / or enzymatic regulation of platelet FXIII .
Characterization of adenosine deaminase binding to human CD26 on T cells and its biologic role in immune response .
Furthermore , activated FGFR3 was not able to induce dissociation of GRB2 .
The IL - 1 family currently consists of two agonists , IL - 1alpha and IL - 1beta , and one antagonist , IL - 1ra .
The hTAFII250 gene is identical to a gene , CCG1 , ( ref 7 , 8 ) , implicated in cell - cycle progression .
CDK4 is a cyclin D - dependent kinase that controls progression through G1 of the mammalian cell cycle .
The two residues of hLIF that contribute the majority of free energy for hLIF - R binding , Phe - 156 and Lys - 159 are surrounded by other residues which have only a moderate impact .
Bcl - 2 also interacted with Bcl - X - L and Mcl - 1 and with the dominant inhibitors Bax and Bcl - X - S .
Nuclear protein CBP is a coactivator for the transcription factor CREB .
We have used fluorescence anisotropy measurements to define the equilibrium binding parameters of the phosphoCREB : CBP interaction and report here that CBP can activate transcription through a region in its carboxy terminus .
The specificity of intehraction between G alpha i2 and nucleobindin was confirmed by an in vitro binding assay using recombinant proteins .
The tumor - free patients expressed granulysin at levels similar to healthy controls , while the progressive tumor - bearing patients expressed remarkably lower levels of granulysin compared to healthy controls ( P < 0 . 0001 ) .
Crystal structure of the BMP - 2 - BRIA ectodomain complex .
RIN1 interacts with the " effector domain " of RAS and employs some RAS determinants that are common to , and others that are distinct from , those required for the binding of RAF1 , a known RAS effector .
We next tested whether IL - 11 induced signaling can be inhibited by anti - gp130 antibodies which blocked IL - 6 - mediated functions .
The binding properties of these variants in vitro , and the result of using a neutralizing monoclonal antibody directed against site 3 , lead to the conclusion that gp130 dimer is formed through direct binding at two independent and differently oriented sites on IL - 6 .
The acidic amino terminus of the p53 protein has been shown to contain this trans - activation activity as well as the domains for mdm - 2 and adenovirus 5 E1B 55 - kD protein binding .
Crystal structure of the heterodimeric bZIP transcription factor c - Fos - c - Jun bound to DNA .
JAK2 , a member of the Janus kinase superfamily was found to interact functionally with Raf - 1 , a central component of the ras / mitogen - activated protein kinase signal transduction pathway .
Cloning and functional analysis of BAG - 1 : a novel Bcl - 2 - binding protein with anti - cell death activity .
Using the cytoplasmic domain of Fas in the yeast two - hybrid system , we have identified a novel interacting protein , FADD , which binds Fas and Fas - FD5 , a mutant of Fas possessing enhanced killing activity , but not the functionally inactive mutants Fas - LPR and Fas - FD8 .
A large epitope 1 for high - affinity BMPR - IA binding was detected spanning the interface of the BMP - 2 dimer .
Human spleen tyrosine kinase p72Syk associates with the Src - family kinase p53 / 56Lyn and a 120 - kDa phosphoprotein .
Nerve growth factor binds independently to two transmembrane receptors , the p75 neurotrophin receptor and the p140trk ( trkA ) tyrosine kinase receptor , which are both co - expressed in the majority of neuronal cells that respond to NGF .
The IL - 13R shows homology with the IL - 5 receptor , and to a lesser extent , with the prolactin receptor .
This study demonstrates that IL - 8 recognizes and activates CXCR1 , CXCR2 , and the Duffy antigen by distinct mechanisms .
In the present study , we demonstrate that gastrin stimulates tyrosine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate 1 ( IRS - 1 ) , the major cytoplasmic substrate of the insulin receptor .
Residues in human leukemia inhibitory factor ( hLIF ) crucial for binding to both the human LIF receptor ( R ) and gp130 were identified by analysis of alanine scanning mutants of hLIF in assays for both receptor binding and bioactivity .
Here , we describe the production of recombinant human tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases - 1 ( rTIMP - 1 ) and wild - type and mutant human collagenase type I ( rMMP - 1 ) proteins in SF9 cells by the baculovirus expression system .
Intriguingly , NR1 - alpha - actinin binding is directly antagonized by Ca2 + / calmodulin .
Here we use simian virus 40 DNA replication in vitro to show than p21 directly inhibits PCNA - dependent DNA replication in the absence of a cyclin / CDK .
Immunoprecipitation studies confirm that the four PTF subunits originally found to copurify during conventional chromatography indeed form a tightly associated complex ; they further show that the PTF so defined , including the gamma and delta subunits specifically , is essential for transcription of both class II and class III snRNA genes .
CD26 , a T cell activation Ag , also known as dipeptidyl peptidase IV , is directly associated with adenosine deaminase ( ADA ) on the surface of T cells and T cell lines .
While injection of GRB2 or H - ras proteins alone into quiescent rat fibroblasts did not have mitogenic effect , microinjection of GRB2 together with H - ras protein stimulated DNA synthesis .
We report here that Grb2 also interacts with tyrosine - phosphorylated IRS - 1 in response to gastrin .
Overexpression of a phosphorylation - defective form of Rb inhibited Elf - 1 - dependent transcription during T cell activation .
These findings strongly suggest that CD26 may be closely associated with the CD45 protein tyrosine phosphatase on T cell surface and further support the notion that the interaction of CD26 with CD45 results in enhanced tyrosine kinase activity , zeta chain phosphorylation , and T cell activation .
We have previously reported that tyrosine phosphorylation of Shc and its association with the Grb2 - Sos complex may contribute to the activation of the mitogen - activated protein kinase pathway by gastrin .
Although many different types of proliferating cells contain p27 protein , neither the interactions of p27 with cyclin / CDK complexes nor the consequences of this interaction during the mitotic cycle have been fully explored .
We used alanine substitution of EBP residues that contact EMP1 in the crystal structure to investigate the function of these residues in both EMP1 and EPO binding .
The erythropoietin receptor ( EPOR ) is a member of a family of cytokine and growth factor receptors that share conserved features in their extracellular and cytoplasmic domains .
A model is presented whereby the trimeric complex of IL - 6R , gp130 , and IL - 6M forms before the functional hexamer .
In certain cancers , MDM2 amplification is a common event and contributes to the inactivation of p53 .
In normal human cells , but not in many tumour cells , p21 exists in a quaternary complex with a cyclin , a CDK , and the proliferating - cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) .
The three - dimensional structure of the complex between human H - Ras bound to guanosine diphosphate and the guanosine triphosphatase ( GTPase ) - activating domain of the human GTPase - activating protein p120GAP ( GAP - 334 ) in the presence of aluminum fluoride was solved at a resolution of 2 . 5 angstroms .
The recently cloned YY1 is such an Inr - binding protein .
A second region of hLIF that includes residues from the carboxyl terminus of the D - helix and A - B loop also had a weak influence on hLIF - R binding .
Expressed in a murine myeloma , TRAP was identified as a ligand for CD40 by binding to a soluble CD40 construct .
For efficient entry into target cells , primary macrophage - tropic and laboratory - adapted human immunodeficiency viruses type 1 ( HIV - 1 ) require particular chemokine receptors , CCR - 5 and CXCR - 4 , respectively , as well as the primary receptor CD4 ( refs 1 - 6 ) .
This region of the betaL chain , required for Jak1 binding and activation , contains the Box 1 motif that is important for the interaction of some cytokine receptors with Jak kinases .
To determine the role of each of these receptors in IL - 7 driven proliferation , IL - 7R expression and proliferative capacity were monitored during mitogenic stimulation .
Vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) expression in various cell types is induced by hypoxia and other stimuli .
We screened proteins for interaction with presenilin ( PS ) 1 , and cloned the full - length cDNA of human delta - catenin , which encoded 1225 amino acids .
On a cell membrane containing both proteins , HFE would ' lie down ' parallel to the membrane , such that the HFE helices that delineate the counterpart of the MHC peptide - binding groove make extensive contacts with helices in the TfR dimerization domain .
If current models of chaperonin mechanism are correct , rhodanese undergoes more rebinding and release cycles than does GS .
Molecular cloning and expression of the 32 - kDa subunit of human TFIID reveals interactions with VP16 and TFIIB that mediate transcriptional activation .
We expressed differently tagged forms of gp130 and used them in solution - phase binding assays to show that the soluble extracellular domains of gp130 undergo dimerization in the absence of membranes .
Ligation of the extracellular domain of the cell surface receptor Fas / APO - 1 ( CD95 ) elicits a characteristic programmed death response in susceptible cells .
Cotransfection experiments indicate that CIP1 and SV40 T antigen function in a mutually antagonistic manner to control cell cycle progression .
METHODS : The genes for dopamine synthetic enzymes , tyrosine hydroxylase ( TH ) , aromatic L - amino acid decarboxylase ( AADC ) , and GTP cyclohydrolase I ( GCH , an enzyme critical for tetrahydrobiopterin synthesis ) were contransduced into 293 cells with separate AAV vectors .
This last observation was confirmed by affinity chromatography and immunoprecipitation , which demonstrated an interaction between Rb and UBF .
Cloning and characterization of hTAFII18 , hTAFII20 and hTAFII28 : three subunits of the human transcription factor TFIID .
Taken together , these data suggest that JAK2 and p21ras cooperate to activate Raf - 1 .
Our results also show that , although these HLA - E binding peptides are derived from signal sequences , they may be released back into the cytosol and subsequently translocated by the TAP complex and loaded onto HLA - E molecules .
In these cells the adaptor protein Grb2 constitutively binds a substantial fraction of c - Cbl through the N - terminal SH3 domain .
We have selected such mutations in the transcription factor E2F1 that affect its ability to heterodimerize with DP1 .
The high affinity interleukin - 6 ( IL - 6 ) signaling complex consists of IL - 6 and two membrane - associated receptor components : a low affinity but specific IL - 6 receptor and the affinity converter / signal transducing protein gp130 .
This study describes the distributions of bone morphogenetic protein ( BMP ) - 2 as well as mRNAs for BMP receptor type IB ( BMPRIB ) . collagen types II ( Col II ) and III ( Col III ) in a growing " cartilage cap " of osteochondroma .
Isolation of human delta - catenin and its binding specificity with presenilin 1 .
Co - transfection of human TBP and Oct2 expression vectors into B cells resulted in a synergistic activation of an octamer motif containing promoter .
We performed cell - free in vitro infection of primary bone marrow derived CD34 + cells using semi - purified HHV8 and a mature IL - 2 dependent T cell line , KIT 225 , using highly concentrated viral stocks prepared from an infectious molecular clone of HTLV - 1 .
In HeLa cells , Cdi1 is expressed at the G1 to S transition , and the protein forms stable complexes with Cdk2 .
After a brief historical incursion regarding RAS of renal origin , we present the main extrarenal angiotensin - forming enzymes , starting with isorenin , tonin , D and G cathepsin and ending with the conversion enzyme and chymase .
While the function of RIZ is not yet clear , its structure and pattern of expression suggest a role for RIZ in transcriptional regulation during neuronal differentiation and pathogenesis of retinoblastoma .
Although Raf - 1 is a critical effector of Ras signaling and transformation , the mechanism by which Ras promotes Raf - 1 activation is complex and remains poorly understood .
HOX11 interacts with protein phosphatases PP2A and PP1 and disrupts a G2 / M cell - cycle checkpoint .
FGFR3 utilizes two different pools of adapter protein GRB2 to link to Ras .
The POU domains of the Oct1 and Oct2 transcription factors mediate specific interaction with TBP .
Coassociation of CD26 ( dipeptidyl peptidase IV ) with CD45 on the surface of human T lymphocytes .
We propose that c - Jun is present in resting cells in a latent , phosphorylated form that can be activated by site - specific dephosphorylation in response to protein kinase C activation .
Using a yeast two - hybrid strategy to identify other proteins that interact with and potentially regulate Raf - 1 , we isolated a clone encoding the carboxyl - terminal half of the G beta 2 subunit of heterotrimeric G - proteins .
Following this hypothesis , we altered in hIL - 6 and hIL - 6R residues predicted to reside in the contact region and to interact with each other .
These findings indicate that the Fos / Jun and ATF / CREB families of transcription factors are not as distinct as was previously thought .
Temporally following this growth arrest , the cells develop a senescence morphology and express senescence - associated beta - galactosidase ( SA - beta - gal ) .
Eotaxin - 3 competed the binding of ( 125 ) I - eotaxin to CCR3 - expressing L1 . 2 cells with an IC ( 50 ) of 13 nM .
The v - Raf proteins purified from cells infected with EC12 or 22W viruses activated MAP kinase kinase from skeletal muscle in vitro .
The interaction of UBE2I with RAD52 is mediated by RAD52 ' s self - association region .
Thus , the C - terminal domain in IGF - 1R appears to exert a negative control on binding of p85 thereby providing a possible regulatory mechanism for direct activation of the PI 3 - kinase pathway .
Immunoprecipitation of TNF - R2 from 32P - labeled 293 / TNF - R2 cells demonstrated that the receptor is phosphorylated .
We now report the isolation and expression of cDNAs encoding PTF gamma and PTF delta , as well as functional studies with cognate antibodies that recognize the native PTF complex in HeLa extracts .
The MAP kinase enzymes pp54 and pp42 / 44 are regulated by tyrosine as well as serine / threonine phosphorylation .
. Originally identified as a ' mitotic cyclin ' , cyclin A exhibits properties of growth factor sensitivity , susceptibility to viral subversion and association with a tumor - suppressor protein , properties which are indicative of an S - phase - promoting factor ( SPF ) as well as a candidate proto - oncogene .
We have localized the region of interaction to tyrosine 580 in the carboxyl end of SHPTP2 and to the SH2 domain in the carboxy - terminus of Grb7 .
Transient expression in COS - 1 cells and immunoprecipitation using an antiserum raised against a C - terminal peptide , gave rise to two components , representing mature ( 130 kDa ) and precursor ( 115 kDa ) forms of the phFGFR encoded polypeptide , which was denoted hFGFR - 1 .
Together , these studies describe a third member of the PDGF family ( PDGF - C ) as a potent mitogen for cells of mesenchymal origin in in vitro and in vivo systems with a binding pattern similar to PDGF - AB .
These findings indicate that B - type cyclins are multifunctional proteins that not only act as M phase regulatory subunits of the cdc2 protein kinase , but also activate the cdc25 tyrosine phosphatase , of which cdc2 is the physiological substrate .
Regulation of the Ets - related transcription factor Elf - 1 by binding to the retinoblastoma protein .
. CDC37 was originally identified as a Start gene in budding yeast and has been shown to be required for association of CDC28 with cyclins .
The findings indicate that bag - 1 represents a new type of anti - cell death gene and suggest that some routes of apoptosis induction previously ascribed to Bcl - 2 - independent pathways may instead reflect a need for the combination of Bcl - 2 and BAG - 1 .
Remarkably , Phe93 forms extensive contacts with a peptide ligand in the crystal structure of the EBP bound to an EPO - mimetic peptide ( EMP1 ) , suggesting that Phe93 is also important for EMP1 binding .
SKR2 complexes in which an activin beta chain occupies each receptor subunit .
Interestingly , both GRB2 and phosphatidylinositol - 3 ( PI - 3 ) kinase can simultaneously bind distinct tyrosine phosphorylated regions on the same IRS - 1 molecule , suggesting a mechanism whereby IRS - 1 could provide the core for a large signalling complex .
Here we show that a complex of gp120 , the exterior envelope glycoprotein , of macrophage - tropic primary HIV - 1 and soluble CD4 interacts specifically with CCR - 5 and inhibits the binding of the natural CCR - 5 ligands , macrophage inflammatory protein ( MIP ) - 1alpha and MIP - 1beta ( refs 7 , 8 ) .
Myogenin is a muscle - specific HLH protein that binds DNA in vitro as a heterodimer with several widely expressed HLH proteins , such as the E2A gene products E12 and E47 .
Inflammation , regardless of whether it is provoked by infection or by tissue damage , starts with the activation of macrophages which initiate a cascade of inflammatory responses by producing the cytokines interleukin - 1 ( IL - 1 ) and tumour necrosis factor - alpha ( ref . 1 ) .
We have used site - specific mutagenesis within the extracellular domain of the EPOR to search for amino acid residues involved in erythropoietin ( EPO ) binding .
Because cells lacking the protein tyrosine kinase c - Abl are also defective in radiation - induced G1 arrest , we investigated the possibility that ATM might interact with c - Abl in response to radiation damage .
We propose that ( i ) the IGF - IR and the IR share at least in part the same molecular mechanism underlying their interplay with their two substrates , p52Shc and IRS - 1 , and ( ii ) IRS - 1 interacts with the IGF - IR in a fashion that is different from that used by p52Shc .
Among these ligands , MCP - 3 had the remarkable property of binding CCR5 with high affinity without eliciting a functional response , MCP - 3 could also inhibit the activation of CCR5 by MIP - 1beta and may therefore be considered as a natural antagonist for CCR5 .
In addition to this unique pathway , FGFR3 also links to GRB2 .
Interleukin - 13 ( IL - 13 ) is a cytokine secreted by activated T lymphocytes that shares many , but not all , biological activities with IL - 4 .
Characterization of a novel high affinity human IL - 7 receptor . Expression on T cells and association with IL - 7 driven proliferation .
The 120 - kDa serine / threonine phosphorylated protein that coprecipitated with PLC gamma 1 resembled the Syk - associated pp120 by several criteria .
We demonstrate that IRS - 1 forms a specific complex with the cytoplasmic domain of the insulin receptor when both are expressed as hybrid proteins in yeast cells .
The predicted amino acid sequence of hIL - 10R is 60 % identical and 73 % similar to mouse IL - 10R ( mIL - 10R ) . rIL - 10R expressed in an IL - 3 - dependent mouse pro - B cell line ( Ba / F3 ) binds hIL - 10 with high affinity ( 200 to 250 pM ) , and the transfected cells exhibit a proliferative response to hIL - 10 .
The correlation between HLA - E and MHC class I surface expression might be relevant to the function of HLA - E .
We propose that A beta binding proteins play a key role in the modulation of A beta aggregation and normally prevent amyloid formation in biological fluids and in the brain .
Interaction of the protein nucleobindin with G alpha i2 , as revealed by the yeast two - hybrid system .
Specific binding of the transglutaminase , platelet factor XIII , to HSP27 .
Using the yeast two - hybrid system , a genetic assay for studying protein - protein interactions , we have examined and compared the interaction of the insulin - like growth factor - I receptor ( IGF - IR ) and the insulin receptor ( IR ) with their two known substrates p52Shc and the insulin receptor substrate - 1 ( IRS - 1 ) .
FADD contains a death domain homologous to the death domains of Fas and TNFR - 1 .
Transfection of G alpha i2 and nucleobindin in COS cells increased G alpha i2 expression relative to cells transfected with G alpha i2 and mock vector .
These results suggest that RB can confer transcriptional regulation and possibly cell cycle control and tumor suppression through an interaction with TFIID , in particular with TAFII250 .
We have detected a specific association of CDK4 with the molecular chaperon HSP90 and a 44 - kDa protein that we identify as mammalian CDC37 .
The hGITRL gene mapped to chromosome 1q23 , near the gene for the TNF homolog Fas / CD95 ligand [ 5 ] .
Syntrophin binds to an alternatively spliced exon of dystrophin .
Granulysin has been identified as an effector molecule co - localized with perforin in the cytotoxic granules of cytotoxic T lymphocytes and natural killer ( NK ) cells , and has been reported to kill intracellular pathogens in infected cells in the presence of perforin and to induce a cytotoxic effect against tumor cells .
Of these 400 , interferon regulatory factor 4 ( IRF4 ) , cyclin B2 , TBP - associated factor , eukaryotic elongation factor and pim 2 were up - regulated more than 3 . 5 fold .
In cells lacking the myosin - II heavy chain , the bundles , which were induced by an over - expression of cofilin , shortened and became straight following hyperosmotic stress , forming a polygonal structure .
Phosphoinositides bind to profilin and regulate actin - based cytoskeletal protein assembly .
Thus , both DR5 and DR4 use FADD , TRADD , and RIP in their signal transduction pathways , and FADD is the common mediator of apoptosis by all known death domain - containing receptors .
In this study , we demonstrate using viscosity , sedimentation , and actin assembly rate assays that yeast cofilin ( 16 kD ) possesses all of these properties .
However , in non - adherent cells no molecular mechanism has yet been proposed for the cell adhesion - dependent up - regulation of the p27 cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor ( CKI ) , and the associated inhibition of cyclin E - CDK2 .
Our results provide support for both physical and functional interactions between three subunits , TIF34 , PRT1 and p33 , in the eIF3 complex .
Moreover , ectopic expression of cyclin D1 and Cdk4 can stimulate the Brca1 promoter in an E2F - dependent manner , and this is inhibited by coexpression of the p16 ( INK4a ) cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor .
In this study , by immunoprecipitation and affinity chromatography it is shown that adenosine deaminase and A1 adenosine receptors interact in pig brain cortical membranes .
Integrin ( beta ) chains , for example , interact with actin - binding proteins ( e . g . talin and filamin ) , which form mechanical links to the cytoskeleton .
It reduced the rate of actin polymerization as reported in the cases of profilins from other organisms .
The majority of cortical thymomas showed diffuse and homogenous membrane immunoreactivity for these molecules ( 88 per cent for E - CD ; 86 per cent for alpha - catenin ; 91 per cent for beta - catenin ) and the remaining cases showed heterogeneous immunoreactivity , whereas almost all mixed and medullary thymomas revealed decreased expression or were negative .
In these investigations , we determine that recruitment of a coactivator protein , CBP ( the CREBbinding protein ) , to the CYBB or NCF2 promoter is the molecular mechanism of transcriptional activation by PU . 1 , IRF1 , and ICSBP .
Smooth muscle talin prepared from chicken gizzard binds to skeletal muscle actin in vitro .
The cellular transcription co - activators p300 and the CREB - binding protein CBP are cellular targets for transformation by the E1A proteins of non - oncogenic adenovirus 5 ( Ad5 ) .
In flattened cells under starvation stress , cofilin localized at dramatically reorganizing actin - cytoskeletons in ruffling membranes of the leading edge , but not at rigid actin meshwork in focal adhesion plaques .
However , smooth muscle contents of actin ( 26 . 0 + / - 1 . 8 vs . 19 . 1 + / - 2 . 2 micrograms / mg wet wt ) and myosin heavy chain ( 5 . 5 + / - 0 . 4 vs . 2 . 0 + / - 0 . 3 microgram / mg wet wt ) were greater ( P < 0 . 04 ) in myometrium from late - pregnant vs . nonpregnant ewes .
The same steady state concentrations of polymerized and nonpolymerized actin are reached whether profilin is added before initiation of polymerization or after polymerization is complete .
Inactivation of the Rb pathway in non - small cell lung carcinoma ( NSCLC ) occurs mostly through inactivation of the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p16 ( INK4A ) and / or up - regulation of cyclin D1 .
We suggest that the talin in the nodes functions , via a cross - linking activity , in the convergence of actin filaments at the membrane during development of the ribs .
In contrast , talin , another putative actin - membrane linker protein , could not be detected in significant amounts in human neutrophils using a polyclonal antibody raised against chicken gizzard talin , which reacted with human platelet and lymphocyte talin .
To our knowledge , AF - 6 is the only integral component in cell - cell junctions discovered thus far that interacts with profilin and thus could modulate actin modeling proximal to adhesion complexes .
The protein profilin binds to both actin and the head groups of poly ) phosphoinositide ) s and may regulate both actin assembly and the phosphoinositide signaling pathway .
The polycystic kidney disease 1 gene product mediates protein kinase C alpha - dependent and c - Jun N - terminal kinase - dependent activation of the transcription factor AP - 1 .
In particular , both profilin and free filament barbed ends have been shown to play major roles in the processing of ATP by actin .
In a model system , the interacting proteins recruiting TFIIIC to DNA were PRP21 and PRP9 or PRP21 and PRP11 .
Porcine arterial SMCs in culture not only express high levels of alpha - smooth muscle ( SM ) actin but , contrary to rodent SMCs , also maintain an appreciable expression of SM myosin heavy chain isoforms 1 and 2 , desmin , and smoothelin , a recently described late differentiation marker of vascular SMCs .
Suppression of cell transformation by the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p57KIP2 requires binding to proliferating cell nuclear antigen .
Their abilities to store lipids and express desmin intermediate filaments , alpha - smooth muscle actin , and smooth muscle myosin heavy chain in contractile filaments in vitro illustrate similarities among the pulmonary LF , the hepatic lipocyte , and the contractile interstitial cell , which contribute to the repair reaction in the lung after pulmonary injury .
Cofilin was identified by peptide sequencing , and cofilin recruitment and Listeria tail length were found to be pH - dependent , in agreement with its recently reported role in enhancing actin filament turnover .
These results suggest that MSH2 and MSH3 can function differentially to control homeologous exchanges .
Mammalian LIM - kinases ( LIMKs ) phosphorylate cofilin and induce actin cytoskeletal reorganization .
Yeast profilin can sequester yeast actin monomers and thereby reduce the ability of yeast actin to polymerize , whereas it has little effect on the degree of polymerization of rabbit skeletal muscle actin .
Another cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor , p27KIP1 , and cyclin D increased slightly , whereas proliferating cell nuclear antigen and p130 remained unchanged .
These regions also interact with the physiologically relevant ligands of profilin , actin and proline - rich peptides .
Dispersal of profilin from such sites by oligoproline - rich peptide inhibitors suggests that profilin is directly involved in intracellular pathogen locomotion and reorganization of actin cytoskeleton of the host cell peripheral membrane .
The analysis of the viral proteins by electrophoresis indicates molecular weight differences between CDV and PDV in the fusion ( F ) , phosphoprotein ( P ) , H , nucleocapsid ( N ) and matrix ( M ) proteins .
Calpain activity in vivo was determined by observing proteolysis of actin - binding protein and talin , two known substrates of calpain .
An oligomeric form of simian virus 40 large T - antigen is immunologically related to the cellular tumor antigen p53 .
Thus , beta - catenin , E - cadherin , and alpha - catenin have similar prognostic values .
Both complexes are composed of N - cadherin and alpha - catenin which bind to either beta - catenin or plakoglobin in a mutually exclusive manner .
We determined whether short - term weight - lifting exercise increases the synthesis rate of the major contractile proteins , myosin heavy chain ( MHC ) , actin , and mixed muscle proteins in nonfrail elders and younger women and men .
Identification of alpha - syntrophin binding to syntrophin triplet , dystrophin , and utrophin .
MSH3 appears to be more closely related to the mouse Rep - 3 gene and other similar eukaryotic mutS homologues than to the yeast gene MSH2 and other mutS homologues that are involved in replication repair .
This paper describes the structural and biochemical characterization of talin , a protein localized to various cellular sites where bundles of actin filaments attach to the plasma membrane .
In addition , we demonstrate that cofilin and its actin binding peptide compete with gelsolin segments 2 - 3 for binding to actin filaments .
METHODS : Tumor samples from 77 patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the esophagus were immunohistochemically evaluated for the expression of 10 molecules : the cell cycle - related molecules of cyclin D1 , Rb , p16INK4 , p27KIP1 , and PCNA ; the cell - cell adhesion molecules of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , and beta - catenin ; and the heat shock proteins of HSP27 and HSP70 .
This activity is independent of FADD - DN ' s ability to bind to three known interacting proteins , Fas , TRADD or RIP suggesting that it is distinct from FADD ' s functions at activated death receptors .
Deletion mutants of the herpes simplex virus type 1 UL8 protein : effect on DNA synthesis and ability to interact with and influence the intracellular localization of the UL5 and UL52 proteins .
Vimentin and actin were also up - regulated , whereas an isoform of myosin heavy chain was down - regulated .
In addition to the TNF - alpha - induced increase in the general protein synthesis , stimulation with TNF - alpha led to a 2 . 4 - fold increase in net actin protein synthesis and a 3 . 3 - fold increase in net myosin heavy chain synthesis .
Furthermore , a simultaneous expression of profilin , actin and extracellular matrix proteins was observed during the regeneration of rat liver , that is , all mRNAs of these proteins showed biphasic peaks around 6 h and 48 h after partial hepatectomy .
From previous work , the BNI1 , GIC1 , and GIC2 gene products also appear to be involved in linking Cdc42p to the actin cytoskeleton .
Although platelets contain only 1 profilin for every 5 - 10 actin molecules , these complex reactions may allow substoichiometric profilin to have an important influence on actin assembly .
Characterization of the action of porcine brain profilin on actin polymerization .
Class II profilins had higher affinity for poly - l - proline and sequestered more monomeric actin than did class I profilins .
Although neither activation of BCK1 ( MEKK ) by the dominant BCK1 - 20 mutation nor increased dosage of MKK1 ( MEK ) or MPK1 ( MAP kinase ) mimicked PKC1 as a glc7 - 10 dosage suppressor , extra copies of genes encoding upstream components of the Pkc1p pathway such as ROM2 , RHO2 , HCS77 / WSC1 / SLG1 and MID2 also suppressed glc7 - 10 effectively .
To test for regional differences in the rates of synthesis and degradation of contractile proteins during normal physiological growth of the heart in vivo , fractional rates of protein accumulation and synthesis were assessed for total protein , myosin heavy chain , myosin light chain , phosphorylatable myosin light chain , and actin in the right and left ventricular free walls of growing , New Zealand White rabbits .
Other than monomeric actin , no major profilin ligands are detected in crude extracts .
The RAD54 and RAD51 genes are involved in genetic recombination and double - strand break repair in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae .
They exhibited strong synergistic increases in CAN1 duplication mutations , intrachromosomal and interchromosomal recombination , and required the wild - type double - strand break repair genes RAD50 , RAD51 , and RAD52 for viability .
Specific antibodies to myosin heavy chain isoforms ( SM1 , SM2 , SMemb ) , caldesmon , and alpha - smooth muscle actin and cDNAs for SMemb were used .
The Arp2 / 3 complex , first isolated from Acanthamoeba castellani by affinity chromatography on profilin , consists of seven polypeptides ; two actin - related proteins , Arp2 and Arp3 ; and five apparently novel proteins , p40 , p35 , p19 , p18 , and p14 ( Machesky et al . , 1994 ) .
Since functional characteristics for profilin II are lacking , we assayed the actin , the phosphatidylinositol 4 , 5 - bisphosphate and the poly ( L - proline ) binding properties of this isoform .
Thus , like verprolin , WIP functions in yeast to link the polarity development pathway and the actin cytoskeleton to generate cytoskeletal asymmetry .
Recently we have identified an alpha - catenin binding site in beta - catenin and plakoglobin and postulated , based on sequence analysis , that these protein - protein interactions are mediated by a hydrophobic interaction mechanism .
These histone H3 and H2a genes encode approximately 40 % of the total H3 and H2a mRNA , whereas the histone H4 and histone H2b genes encode < 10 % of the total H4 and H2b mRNA .
Introduction of high concentrations of profilin ( estimated injected intracellular concentration 11 - 22 microM ) into infected PtK2 cells causes a marked slowing of actin tail elongation and bacterial migration .
Addition of Acanthamoeba profilin in molar ratios to actin of about 1 . 1 : 1 and 2 . 3 : 1 retarded the initial kinetics of assembly ( induced by addition of 2mM Mg + 2 ) and reduced the fraction of actin incorporated into filaments .
The concentration of beta - catenin was constant during the follicular phase , whereas the content of alpha - catenin decreased in granulosa cells after treatment with diethylstilboestrol or hCG .
For example , profilin with a deletion of the eight C - terminal residues has many of the physical properties of a molten globule , yet remarkably still binds to actin .
The neoplastic cells were positive for vimentin , Factor - XIIIa , alpha - smooth muscle actin and CD34 , but negative for desmin , calponin , high molecular weight caldesmon , smooth muscle myosin heavy chain , collagen type IV , laminin and S - 100 protein .
Our findings strongly suggest that in brain profilin I and profilin II complexes link the actin cytoskeleton and endocytic membrane flow , directing actin and clathrin assembly to distinct membrane domains .
The proximity of the semi - conserved actin - binding site and the binding pocket characteristic of plant profilins suggests that epitopes encompassing both features are responsible for the cross - reactivity of antibodies between human and plant profilins thought to be responsible for type I allergies .
Since alpha - catenin is required for cadherin - mediated adhesion , the armadillo repeat region alone probably cannot promote cell adhesion , making it unlikely that beta - catenin induces axis duplication by increasing cell adhesion .
In cultured cells , cofilin , as well as ADF , translocates from the cytoplasm into the nucleus together with actin and forms rod - like structures in response to heat shock or dimethylsulfoxide ( DMSO ) treatment .
Coexpression of the A8R and A23R genes in Escherichia coli was required for in vitro activity .
Finally , we used in vitro translated proteins in an immunoprecipitation assay to show that , like beta 1 - syntrophin , both beta 2 - and alpha 1 - syntrophin interact with peptides encoding the syntrophin - binding region of dystrophin , utrophin / dystrophin related protein , and the Torpedo 87K protein .
As a nuclear transport signal sequence exists in cofilin and ADF but not in actin , ADF and / or cofilin may be responsible for the nuclear import of actin in myogenic cells under certain conditions .
The cofilin homology sequence is critical for stimulating actin nucleation with the Arp2 / 3 complex in vitro , and is essential for actin polymerization and motility in cells .
Profilins also bind polyphosphoinositides , which can disrupt the profilin - actin complex , and proline - rich ligands which localize profilin to sites requiring extensive actin filament accumulation .
Munc18 - 2 is a Sec1 homologue enriched in epithelial cells and forms a complex with syntaxin 3 , a t - SNARE localized to the apical plasma membrane .
Native profilin , purified from extracts of lung epithelial cells by affinity binding to a poly - L - proline matrix , stimulated the actin - saturated RSV transcription by 2 . 5 - to 3 - fold .
The Herpes simplex virus type 1 primosome consists of three subunits that are the products of the UL5 , UL8 , and UL52 genes .
PDGF treatment had no effect on talin , vimentin , or microtubule distribution in BALB / c - 3T3 cells ; in addition , exposure of cells to 5 % platelet - poor plasma ( PPP ) , 0 . 1 % PPP , 30 ng / ml epidermal growth factor ( EGF ) , 30 ng / ml somatomedin C , or 10 microM insulin also had no effect on vinculin or actin distribution .
In investigating the mechanism by which pRb induces senescence , we have found that pRb causes a posttranscriptional accumulation of the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p27 ( KIP1 ) that is accompanied by an increase in p27 ( KIP1 ) specifically bound to cyclin E and a concomitant decrease in cyclin E - associated kinase activity .
Regulation of myosin heavy chain and actin isogenes during cardiac growth and hypertrophy .
Acanthamoeba profilin affects the mechanical properties of nonfilamentous actin .
The interaction between the human respiratory syncytial virus phosphoprotein ( P ) and nucleocapsid ( N ) protein has been investigated using the two hybrid system in yeast and in tissue culture cells .
Saccharomyces cerevisiae PAC2 functions with CIN1 , 2 and 4 in a pathway leading to normal microtubule stability .
The results indicate that ( a ) plakoglobin and beta - catenin differ in their nuclear translocation and complexing with LEF - 1 and vinculin ; ( b ) LEF - 1 - dependent transactivation is preferentially driven by beta - catenin ; and ( c ) the cytoplasmic partners of beta - catenin , cadherin and alpha - catenin , can sequester it to the cytoplasm and inhibit its transcriptional activity .
An association was seen between E - cadherin and alpha - catenin expression , in both effusions and solid tumours , and for beta - catenin in solid tumours ( range p < 0 . 001 to p = 0 . 014 ) .
When the actin monomer pool in untransfected myoblasts is increased 70 % by treatment with latrunculin A , synthesis of ADF and actin are down - regulated compared with cofilin and 19 other proteins selected at random .
This suggests that dephosphorylation of cofilin and destrin / ADF by TSH could be implicated in the disruption of actin - containing stress fibers and in the reorganization of microfilaments induced by this hormone .
Our data strongly support the view that the mobile form of actin in slow transport is soluble and that a substantial amount of this actin may travel as a complex with actin depolymerizing factor , cofilin , and profilin .
Molecular packing in profilin : actin crystals and its implications .
The affinity of yeast profilin for rabbit actin ( 2 . 9 microM ) is approximately 30 - fold weaker than the affinity of human platelet profilin for rabbit actin ( 0 . 1 microM ) , and the relative contributions of entropic and enthalpic terms to the overall free energy of binding are different for the two profilins .
Semiserial sections were subjected to immunohistochemical staining with antibodies to alpha - smooth muscle actin ( alpha - SMA ) , desmin and smooth muscle myosin heavy chain isoforms : SM1 , SM2 and SMemb .
Binding of talin to actin occurs at a maximal molar ratio of 1 : 3 as determined by fluorescencetitration under G - buffer conditions .
p21 ( p21WAF1 / Cip1 ) , a cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor , induces G1 arrest and can inhibit the activity of the proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) .
Treatment with HNE resulted in activation of extracellular signal - regulated protein kinases ERK1 and ERK2 , induction of c - fos and c - jun protein expression , and an increase in transcription factor AP - 1 DNA binding activity .
On the basis of these results , we present a model for prereplicative site formation in infected cells in which the helicase - primase components ( UL5 , UL8 , and UL52 ) , the origin - binding protein ( UL9 ) , and the viral single - stranded DNA - binding protein ( ICP8 ) assemble together to initiate the process .
These cells have both alpha - catenin and beta - catenin , display unusual expression of N - cadherin , and have the typical fibroblastic phenotype of transformed cells .
Sequence analysis of the genes encoding the nucleocapsid protein and phosphoprotein ( P ) of phocid distemper virus , and editing of the P gene transcript .
Purification of cofilin , a 21 , 000 molecular weight actin - binding protein , from porcine kidney and identification of the cofilin - binding site in the actin sequence .
Effects of macrophage profilin on actin in the presence and absence of acumentin and gelsolin .
These results show that the C - terminal actin - binding site is distinct from the region recognized by the anti - functional antibody TD77 , raising the possibility that it binds to a novel functionally important ligand - binding site in the talin molecule .
Interestingly , two major actin - binding proteins found in brain , gelsolin and profilin , specifically interact with phosphatidylinositol 4 , 5 - bisphosphate , and may themselves play a role in regulating phosphoinositide turnover .
The undifferentiated cells ( a ) were unable to spread on gelatin or laminin and grew as rounded colonies , although they were able to spread on fibronectin ( b ) showed reduced adhesion to laminin , but not fibronectin ( c ) expressed much reduced levels of beta1 integrin , although levels of alpha5 and alphaV were wild - type ( d ) were less polarized with increased membrane protrusions compared with a vinculin ( - / - ) ES cell mutant ( e ) were unable to assemble vinculin or paxillin - containing focal adhesions or actin stress fibers on fibronectin , whereas vinculin ( - / - ) ES cells were able to assemble talin - containing focal adhesions .
In the cytoplasm , HBx was shown to stimulate the Ras - Raf - mitogen - activated protein kinase ( MAP kinase ) cascade , which is essential for activation of transcription factor AP - 1 .
Specific interactions between the nucleocapsid protein ( N ) and the phosphoprotein ( P ) of bovine respiratory syncytial virus ( BRSV ) have been investigated using a yeast - based two - hybrid system .
In three of the cell lines with CTNNB1 mutations , complexes of beta - catenin with alpha - catenin and APC were detectable .
The results provide two independent lines of evidence about the binding sites for actin and poly - L - proline on the profilin molecule .
Our results showed that cell morphology , cell adhesion pattern , actin organization , and distribution of integrin subunits , talin , vinculin , and phosphotyrosine - containing proteins are dependent on the supramolecular organization of the collagens .
ORC1 , ORC4 and Cdc6 were stable ( T1 / 2 > 2 h ) and associated with a chromatin - containing fraction throughout the cell cycle .
The binding constants of Acanthamoeba profilin to fluorescein - labeled actin from Acanthamoeba and from rabbit skeletal muscle have been determined by measuring the reduction in the actin tracer diffusion coefficients , determined by fluorescence photobleaching recovery , as a function of added profilin concentration .
We have developed a new integrated kinetic model to examine how the maintenance of the pool of unpolymerized actin and the flux of actin subunits through filaments are controlled by profilin and free filament barbed ends through their interaction with ATP .
A reconstitution is described that requires not only the growth factor , its receptor with tyrosine kinase activity , and the soluble phospholipase C - gamma 1 , but also the small soluble actin - binding protein profilin .
Signaling pathways involved in dephosphorylation and localization of the actin - binding protein cofilin in stimulated human neutrophils .
Cytoplasmic staining included stress fibers that colocalized with actin , probably as a consequence of the myosin heavy chain component of the fusion protein .
A common feature of these talin - positive domains is the deep membrane infoldings , where bundles of actin filaments are inserted into the membrane .
To determine the relative importance of protein degradation in the development of starvation - induced cardiac atrophy , in vivo fractional synthetic rates of total cardiac protein , myosin heavy chain , actin , light chain 1 , and light chain 2 were measured in fed and fasted rabbits by continuous infusion of [ 3H ] leucine .
Disruption of the RVS167 gene , which is homologous to END6 / RVS161 and which is also required for correct actin localization , also blocks endocytosis .
Quantitative analysis of the effect of Acanthamoeba profilin on actin filament nucleation and elongation .
The tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 ( TNFR1 ) and the Fas receptor recruit complexes formed by the interactions between RIP kinase , TRADD , FADD and RAIDD - adaptor proteins that contain death domains - which in turn recruit other proteins to initiate signaling [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] .
Archaeal histones are most similar to the globular histone fold region of eukaryal histone H4 , and the results reported are consistent with archaeal nucleosomes resembling the structure formed by eukaryal histone ( H3 + H4 ) 2tetramers .
It is also possible that PtdIns - 4 , 5 - P2 has other roles , such as promoting the release of G actin from profilin or promoting the cross - linking of actin or its anchorage to the plasma membrane .
We found that the down - regulation of E - cad , alpha - catenin , and beta - catenin expression significantly correlated with tumor high grade , but not with vascular invasion , metastasis , p53 expression , Ki - 67 labeling , or c - erbB2 expression , except for beta - catenin , the down - regulation of which was associated with c - erbB2 down - regulation .
Frozen tissue sections , isolated cardiomyocytes , cultured neonatal cardiomyocytes and fibroblasts were hybridized with DNA probes for type - specific collagens , actin , and myosin heavy chain .
In addition , we report that radiation induced transient activation of c - Jun N - terminal kinase / stress - activated protein kinase ( JNK / SAPK ) activation and the transcription factor , AP - 1 .
We constructed recombinant viruses based on the herpes simplex virus type 1 mutant tsK which individually were able to express the products of four viral DNA replication genes ( UL5 , UL8 , UL9 and UL52 ) in the absence of any of the other proteins required for viral DNA synthesis .
Interaction of plant profilin with mammalian actin .
The CREB binding domain of CBP is sufficient to contact to c - Jun in vitro .
These results suggest that LIMK2 functions downstream of the Rho - ROCK signalling pathway and plays a role in reorganization of actin filaments and membrane structures , by phosphorylating cofilin / ADF proteins .
Binding to human dipeptidyl peptidase IV by adenosine deaminase and antibodies that inhibit ligand binding involves overlapping , discontinuous sites on a predicted beta propeller domain .
The sizes and characteristics of each of the proteins determined from various radiolabelling experiments allowed preliminary identification of the proteins as the large ( L ; 190 kDa ) , haemagglutinin neuraminidase ( HN ; 74 kDa ) , nucleocapsid ( N ; 66 kDa ) , fusion ( F0 ; 63 kDa ) , phosphoprotein ( P ; 49 kDa ) , matrix ( M ; 43 kDa ) and non - structural ( V ; 35 kDa ) proteins .
The previous investigation ( Abe et al . ( 1989 ) J . Biochem . 106 , 696 - 702 ) suggested that cofilin is deeply involved in the regulation of actin assembly in developing skeletal muscle .
Resonance energy transfer determination of the following distances , using a hybrid myosin : those between Cys - 55 on the Mercenaria regulatory light chain , SH - 1 on the Aequipecten myosin heavy chain , and Cys - 374 of actin .
So far , three ligands for profilin have been well - characterized in vitro : actin monomers , membrane polyphosphoinositides and poly - L - proline .
Removal of one nonhomologous DNA end during gene conversion by a RAD1 - and MSH2 - independent pathway .
In this study we demonstrate that histone H3 and histone H4 synthesized in young ( 5 hr ) conjugating Tetrahymena are deposited into micronuclei in acetylated forms .
In a blot overlay experiment , purified 125I - labeled recombinant profilin bound not only to plant actin , but also to mammalian actin , demonstrating that cytoskeletal components from distantly related organisms with divergent primary structures can be compatible .
p27 binds to and inhibits complexes formed by cyclin E - cdk2 , cyclin A - cdk2 , and cyclin D - cdk4 .
The actin - binding protein profilin binds to PIP2 and inhibits its hydrolysis by phospholipase C .
In this study , the expressions of smooth muscle - specific proteins ( desmin , alpha - smooth muscle actin , basic calponin and the smooth muscle myosin heavy - chain isoforms of SM1 and SM2 ) in three parent and four cloned neuroblastoma cell lines , composed of S - type cells , were examined by indirect immunofluorescence , Western blot and / or by reverse transcription - polymerase chain reaction ( RT - PCR ) .
Location of profilin at presynaptic sites in the cerebellar cortex ; implication for the regulation of the actin - polymerization state during axonal elongation and synaptogenesis .
This arrest can be suppressed by mutations in RAD51 , RAD52 , and RAD57 , suggesting that the cell cycle defect in sgs1 srs2 mutants results from inappropriate homologous recombination .
Results from epistasis analyses indicate that MSH2 functions in mismatch repair in conjunction with MSH3 or MSH6 and that MSH3 and MSH6 constitute alternate pathways of MSH2 - dependent mismatch repair .
Characterization of gelsolin truncates that inhibit actin depolymerization by severing activity of gelsolin and cofilin .
The UL8 component of the herpes simplex virus helicase - primase complex stimulates primer synthesis by a subassembly of the UL5 and UL52 components .
Thus , mHip1R contains an NH ( 2 ) - terminal domain homologous to that implicated in Sla2p ' s endocytic function , three predicted coiled - coils , a leucine zipper , and a talin - like actin - binding domain at the COOH terminus .
Moreover , the virus - encoded profilin homolog was not required for actin - associated events , including intracellular virus movement to the periphery of the cell , formation of specialized microvilli , or release of mature virions , as shown by electron microscopy and yields of infectious intra - and extracellular virus .
Aprotinin inhibited platelet aggregation induced by thrombin ( 0 . 25 U . ml - 1 ) with IC50 200 kIU . ml - 1 , and inhibited the rise of cytosolic free calcium concentration in platelets stimulated by thrombin ( 0 . 1 U . ml - 1 ) in the absence and in the presence of Ca2 + 0 . 5 mmol . L - 1 ( IC50 117 and 50 kIU . ml - 1 , respectively ) , but had no effect on the amounts of actin and myosin heavy chain associated with cytoskeletons .
Herpes simplex virus type 1 ( HSV - 1 ) encodes a heterotrimeric helicase - primase composed of the products of the three DNA replication - specific genes UL5 , UL8 , and UL52 ( Crute , J . J . , and Lehman , I . R . ( 1991 ) J . Biol . Chem . 266 , 4484 - 4488 ) .
Armadillo ( Arm ) repeat 10 to the COOH terminus of beta - catenin is involved in binding to CBP , whereas beta - catenin interacts directly with the CREB - binding domain of CBP .
Unmasking of this site serves as a molecular switch that initiates assembly of an actin - based motility complex containing VASP and profilin .
The 16236 nt genome encodes eight proteins , nucleocapsid protein ( NP ) , phosphoprotein ( P ) , V protein , matrix protein ( M ) , fusion protein ( F ) , small hydrophobic ( SH ) protein , haemagglutinin - neuraminidase ( HN ) protein and large ( L ) protein , which are flanked by a 55 nt leader sequence and a 54 nt trailer sequence .
Increased interaction of beta1D integrin with the actin cytoskeleton is consistent with and might be mediated by its enhanced binding to talin .
In brush cells , villin and fimbrin are not only present in the actin filament core bundles of apical microvilli and their long rootlets but , in addition , both proteins are also associated with microvilli extending from the basolateral cell surface of the brush cells .
Redundancy of Saccharomyces cerevisiae MSH3 and MSH6 in MSH2 - dependent mismatch repair .
RESULTS : E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin and gamma - catenin were expressed in a normal membranous pattern in all normal bladder epithelium specimens .
While poly ( ADP - ribose ) effectively competed with DNA for binding of histone H4 , it equally competed with DNA for binding of histone H3 and only inefficiently competed with DNA for binding of histone H1 .
Changes in beta - catenin binding to cadherin or APC protein , and the ensuing effects on cell morphology and adhesion , are independent of beta - catenin binding to alpha - catenin .
These results suggest that profilin may be involved in the pathogenesis of glomerulonephritis by reorganizing actin cytoskeleton .
Panels of six to 31 MAbs against the haemagglutinin ( H ) , fusion ( F ) , nucleocapsid protein ( NP ) , phosphoprotein ( P ) and matrix ( M ) proteins of MV and the H , F , NP and P proteins of CDV were employed .
In this model , profilin can bind both to actin monomers with a Kd of about 5 microM and to the barbed end of actin filaments with a Kd of about 50 - 100 microM .
In this study the role of MSH2 , MSH3 , and MSH6 in mismatch repair has been examined by measuring the rate of accumulating mutations and mutation spectrum in strains containing different combinations of msh2 , msh3 , and msh6 mutations and by studying the physical interaction between the MSH2 protein and the MSH3 and MSH6 proteins .
Although co - localization of glucokinase with actin filaments was not clearly demonstrated in the pancreatic beta - cell line MIN6 , islet glucokinase was found to be present in both the nucleus and the cytoplasm , though predominantly in the nucleus .
The results suggest some cooperativity with respect to cofilin binding to filamentous actin which may be pH dependent .
Here we demonstrate that growth arrest and differentiation of NT2 / D1 cells induced by HMBA involve increased expression of the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p27 , enhanced association of p27 with cyclin E / CDK2 complexes and suppression of kinase activity associated to cyclin E / CDK2 ( but not to cyclin D3 / CDK4 ) .
We propose that profilin may act by forming , during the critical period of cerebellar development , a reserve pool of monomeric actin that can easily be mobilized in cell regions such as growth cones or synaptic junctions where filamentous actin is highly concentrated .
Although both receptors are involved in M21 and H2981 cell adhesion to vitronectin , only a alpha v beta 3 can be detected in focal contacts , colocalizing with vinculin , talin , and the ends of actin filaments , while alpha v beta 5 shows a distinct , nonfocal contact , distribution on the cell surface .
The position of the actin - binding site at the C terminal suggests that talin may work as a crosslinker between myosin and actin .
Recently it has been established , through a detailed biochemical analysis , that recombinant Arabidopsis thaliana fimbrin 1 ( AtFim1 ) is a member of the fimbrin / plastin family of actin filament bundling or cross - linking proteins [ D . R . Kovar et al . ( 2000 ) Plant J 24 : 625 - 636 ] .
Detection of loss of heterozygosity at RAD51 , RAD52 , RAD54 and BRCA1 and BRCA2 loci in breast cancer : pathological correlations .
Total actin and myosin heavy chain mRNAs , and polyadenylated RNA , were determined using slot - blot assays .
MSH2 plays a fundamental role in mispair recognition whereas MSH3 and MSH6 appear to modify the specificity of this recognition .
We speculate that nonfilamentous actin and profilin , both of which form shear - sensitive structures , can be modeled as flocculant materials .
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES : Reduced expressions of cell adhesion molecules ( E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , and beta - catenin ) has been reported to be associated with tumor metastasis .
MLL is fused in - frame to a different exon of CBP in two patients producing chimeric proteins containing the AT - hooks , methyltransferase homology domain , and transcriptional repression domain of MLL fused to the CREB binding domain or to the bromodomain of CBP .
Crystallization and preliminary crystallographic analysis of the N - terminal actin binding domain of human fimbrin .
These two proteins were identified as the phosphorylated and non - phosphorylated forms of the pH - sensitive actin - depolymerizing protein , cofilin , by sequencing of peptide fragments and immunoblotting with a monoclonal antibody specific for cofilin .
DR3 signal transduction is mediated by a complex of intracellular signaling molecules including TRADD , TRAF2 , FADD , and FLICE .
Three - dimensional fluorescence microscopy of the fluorescent analog of actin with a high affinity for profilin revealed that it incorporated into cortical cytoplasmic fibers and was also distributed diffusely in the non - cortical cytoplasm consistent with a bias of actin assembly near the surface of the cell .
The proposed LNYV genomic map is 3 ' - N - 4a - 4b - M - G - L - 5 ' , where N is the nucleocapsid protein gene ; 4a and 4b are two genes , one of which codes for the proposed phosphoprotein P and the other for a putative protein of unknown function ; M is the proposed matrix protein gene ; G is the proposed glycoprotein gene ; and L is the proposed transcriptase gene .
We show that the HSV - 1 UL5 , UL8 , UL29 , UL30 , UL42 , and UL52 gene products along with the AAV Rep68 protein are sufficient to initiate replication on duplex DNA containing the AAV origins of replication , resulting in products several hundred nucleotides in length .
The in vivo and in vitro properties of yeast profilin mutants with altered poly - L - proline and actin binding sites are discussed in the context of the crystal structure .
The differential localization of the three actin monomer - binding proteins suggests that they have different biologic functions in Acanthamoeba and is consistent with the hypotheses that ( 1 ) profilin I functions predominantly as an actin monomer - binding protein ; ( 2 ) profilin II regulates , or is regulated by , PIP2 ; and ( 3 ) actobindin inhibits nucleation of new filaments and facilitates elongation of existing polarized filaments in actively motile regions .
When ZmPRO4 was microinjected into plant cells , the effect on actin - dependent nuclear position was significantly more rapid than that of another pollen profilin isoform , ZmPRO1 .
Immunofluorescence studies with these antibodies showed profilin I to be distributed throughout the Acanthamoeba cytoplasm , except for lamellipodia , with the highest fluorescence intensity in cortical regions in which monomeric actin also was present , as shown by labeling with fluorescent DNase .
Acanthamoeba profilin was cross - linked to actin via a zero - length isopeptide bond using carbodiimide .
Arp2 / 3 complex from Acanthamoeba binds profilin and cross - links actin filaments .
The AV nodal effects of draflazine , ITU , EHNA , and PD81 , 723 were reversed by the A1 adenosine receptor antagonist 8 - cyclopentyltheophylline and adenosine deaminase , implicating endogenous adenosine acting at the A1 adenosine receptor .
However , when all of the four proteins ( E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and gamma - catenin ) were analysed as one group , a significant association was seen between reduction in immunoreactivity of at least one of these four proteins and the presence of metastases .
Immunoreactive E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and gamma - catenin proteins in hepatocellular carcinoma : relationships with tumor grade , clinicopathologic parameters , and patients ' survival .
The posttranslational metabolism of myosin heavy chain ( MHC ) and actin was regulated in parallel with the total contractile protein pool .
The N - terminal talin polypeptide eventually disrupted actin stress fibres whereas the C - terminal polypeptide was without effect .
The alpha - catenin molecule links E - cadherin / beta - catenin or E - cadherin / plakoglobin complexes to the actin cytoskeleton .
To investigate the role of cofilin in EGF - stimulated actin polymerization and lamellipod extension in MTLn3 cells , we examined in detail the temporal and spatial distribution of cofilin relative to free barbed ends and characterized the actin dynamics by measuring the changes in the number of actin filaments .
Opposite effects of cofilin and profilin from porcine brain on rate of exchange of actin - bound adenosine 5 ' - triphosphate .
Myosin heavy chain A staining was dimmer and its colocalization with filamentous actin bundles in growth cones was less striking than that of myosin heavy chain B .
Increasing the ionic strength within a relatively narrow range significantly decreased ability of talin to bind to actin , regardless of pH .
In invasive ductal carcinomas , alpha - catenin was reduced more frequently in diffuse than in solid type tumours , whereas the level of expression of beta - catenin and E - CD was unchanged between them .
The high recombination levels seen in rad5 and rad18 mutants is dependent on the RAD1 , RAD51 , RAD52 , and RAD5 genes .
Cells were fixed and stained with antibodies to vascular endothelial ( VE ) cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , or plakoglobin .
We expressed in Escherichia coli the vaccinia virus gene for a protein similar to vertebrate profilins , purified the recombinant viral profilin , and characterized its interactions with actin and polyphosphoinositides .
The Tetrahymena fimbrin has two actin - binding domains , but lacks the EF - hand Ca ( 2 + ) - binding motif , suggesting that Tetrahymena fimbrin probably cross - links actin filaments in a Ca ( 2 + ) - insensitive manner during cytokinesis .
In contrast , EC located immediately behind the migrating front retained junctional VE - cadherin , alpha - catenin , and beta - catenin while plakoglobin was absent from these sites .
Here we demonstrate that accessory receptor triggering induces the transient association of cofilin with the actin cytoskeleton .
In the hippocampus , ATP gamma S , an ATP analogue more resistant to catabolism than ATP , was virtually devoid of effect on tritium release , and the effect of ATP was prevented by the ecto - 5 ' - nucleotidase inhibitor alpha , beta - methylene ADP ( 100 microM ) , by adenosine deaminase ( 2 U / ml ) and by the A1 adenosine receptor antagonist 1 , 3 - dipropyl - 8 - cyclopentylxanthine ( DPCPX , 20 nM ) .
The product of UL38 has been shown to be essential for capsid assembly , but no role has previously been assigned to the product of UL18 .
Impact of profilin on actin - bound nucleotide exchange and actin polymerization dynamics .
Most previous studies have focused on profilin itself rather than its complex with actin .
When transfected into L cells expressing E - cadherin , the amino - terminal region of alpha - catenin ( from residue 1 to 226 ) formed complexes with beta - catenin supporting the in vitro binding experiment results .
Thus , it is most likely that the association between E - cadherin and alpha - catenin is mediated by beta - catenin , and that this process is blocked by NH2 - terminal deletion in beta - catenin .
Data from affinity chromatography , analytical ultracentrifugation , covalent cross - linking , and fluorescence anisotropy show that profilin , thymosin beta ( 4 ) , and actin form a ternary complex .
In adherens junctions , the cytoplasmic domain of cadherins bind to beta - catenin , which in turn binds to the actin - associated protein alpha - catenin .
The centrifugation assay and the DNase I inhibition assay demonstrate that cofilin binds to actin filaments in a 1 : 1 molar ratio of cofilin to actin monomer in the filament and that cofilin increases the monomeric actin to a limited extent ( up to 1 . 1 - 1 . 5 microM monomer ) in the presence of physiological concentrations of Mg2 + and KCl .
Since RAD54 is a recombinational protein associated with RAD51 , this is the first genetic evidence that cancer arises from a defect in repair processes involving homologous recombination .
Protein phosphorylation of cofilin , an actin - binding protein that depolymerizes actin filaments , suppresses its function .
Analysis of the u . v . absorbance and far - u . v . circular dichroism spectra of profilin and actin did not reveal any major changes in the conformation of the proteins accompanying the modifications at the C - terminal ends .
METHODS : We have performed a detailed study of the pattern of expression of myosin heavy chain ( MHC ) , myosin light chain ( MLC ) , troponin I ( TnI ) isoforms , connexin 43 ( Cx43 ) , desmin and alpha - smooth muscle actin ( alpha - SMA ) , in the ventricular conduction system of normal and congenitally malformed mouse hearts ( iv background ) from embryonic day 14 . 5 to 19 . 5 .
Interestingly , the regions that show the most structural diversity are located at or near the actin - binding site of profilin .
p53 - mediated cell injury exhibited proteolysis of the caspase protein substrate lamin B without appreciable breakdown of TnI .
On the internal ( cytoplasmic ) side of focal contacts , several proteins , including talin and vinculin , mediate interactions with the actin filament bundles of the cytoskeleton .
BACKGROUND : Although profilin is believed to be an essential regulator of the actin cytoskeleton in most cells , its precise role in mammalian cells remains unknown .
Proteolytic activity was not detected with casein , actin , or myosin heavy - chain substrates .
N - formyl peptide chemoattractants in neutrophils stimulate the formation of phosphatidylinositol - 4 , 5 - bisphosphate ( PIP2 ) , a reservoir for second messenger molecules and regulator of actin assembly through its association with the actin - binding proteins , profilin , and gelsolin .
rad59 mutations completely abolished the ability to generate type II survivors , while rad50 mutations decreased the growth viability of type II survivors but did not completely eliminate their appearance .
The interaction of bovine respiratory syncytial virus ( BRSV ) phosphoprotein ( P ) with nucleocapsid ( N ) and large polymerase ( L ) proteins was investigated using an intracellular BRSV - CAT minigenome replication system .
Kinetic simulation showed that the profilin exchanges between actin monomers on a subsecond time scale that allows it to catalyze nucleotide exchange .
Experiments using a peptide that corresponds to the N - terminus of thymosin beta ( 4 ) ( residues 6 - 22 ) confirm the presence of an extensive binding surface between actin and thymosin beta ( 4 ) , and explain why thymosin beta ( 4 ) and profilin can bind simultaneously to actin .
Actin - binding proteins such as profilins participate in the restructuration of the actin cytoskeleton in plant cells .
21 actin mutations were analyzed in budding yeast , and specific regions of actin subdomain 1 were implicated in the interaction with fimbrin , an actin filament - bundling protein .
The muscle - related genes included actin , tropomyosin , troponin I , myosin regulatory light chain , myosin light chain kinase , myosin heavy chain , calmodulin , calponin , calcium vector protein , creatine kinase , muscle LIM protein , and SH3 - binding glutamate - rich protein , suggesting that vertebrate skeletal and smooth muscle - type genes are simultaneously expressed in the amphioxus notochord .
The relatively conservative sequence of profilins from yeast , Physarum , Acanthamoeba , echinoid eggs and mammalian cells was found in the N - terminal region , which was suggested to be a common actin - binding region .
Reinvestigation of the inhibition of actin polymerization by profilin .
Other actin - associated proteins , including vinculin , talin , and ezrin , are not present .
The higher affinity of vaccinia profilin for polyphosphoinositides ( Kd = 0 . 2 - 8 . 5 microM ) than for actin or poly ( L - proline ) and the concentration of vaccinia profilin expressed in infected HeLa cells ( approximately 20 microM ) suggest that vaccinia profilin binds preferentially to PIP and PIP2 in vivo .
Our results define a mechanism for the regulation of cofilin and hence of actin dynamics in vivo .
Regulation of actin dynamics through phosphorylation of cofilin by LIM - kinase .
This technique was employed to quantify changes caused by the lack of talin , a protein that couples the actin network to the plasma membrane , or by the lack of cortexillin I or II , two isoforms of the actin - bundling protein cortexillin .
Smooth muscle alpha actin and myosin heavy chain expression in the vascular smooth muscle cells surrounding human endometrial arterioles .
Recently , two mammalian proteins previously shown to regulate the actin cytoskeleton , Wiskott - Aldrich Syndrome Protein ( WASP ) and its homolog expressed in neurons ( N - WASP ) , were found to possess short peptide motifs homologous to one part of verprolin .
Evaluation of the binding of Acanthamoeba profilin to pyrene - labeled actin by fluorescence enhancement .
The results suggest that tyrosine phosphorylation of beta - catenin is achieved by EGFR upon tryptic digestion of cells and concurrent with but independent of dissociation of alpha - catenin from E - cadherin .
Data presented here suggest that two of the repressed genes encode the proteins actin and myosin heavy chain .
X - ray structures of isoforms of the actin - binding protein profilin that differ in their affinity for phosphatidylinositol phosphates .
One , MORT1 ( also called FADD ) , binds to Fas / APO1 but not to p55 - R ; another , TRADD , binds to the p55 TNF receptor but not to Fas / APO1 ; and the third , RIP , binds weakly to both receptors .
The I / LWEQ module is a conserved sequence that we have identified as an actin - binding motif in the metazoan focal adhesion protein talin and the yeast protein Sla2p .
Once the actin monomer is bound to the filament , the profilin is released , and is available to bind to additional actin monomers .
These were identified as myosin light chain 1 , tropomyosin , actin , heat shock protein ( HSP ) - 60 , an unidentified protein and myosin heavy chain , respectively .
These differences in contractile protein profiles between single and cultured cells were collaborated with the observation of cells using immunofluorescence microscope with responsible antibodies to isoforms of myosin heavy chain , actin and tropomyosin .
Selective monoclonal antibodies confirm that most of the profilin is bound to actin : 65 % in extract immunoadsorption assays and 74 - 89 % by fluorescent antibody staining .
Immunoprecipitation with an E - cadherin mAb , which is known to co - precipitate the catenins , demonstrated that the three poorly differentiated cell lines expressing E - cadherin did not co - precipitate alpha - catenin , although all of the moderately - well differentiated cell lines expressed both alpha - and beta - catenin .
SNF11 interacts with SNF2 in vitro and copurifies with the SNF - SWI complex from yeast cells .
The APC binding site on beta - catenin may be discontinuous since neither the carboxyl - nor amino - terminal halves of beta - catenin will independently associate with APC , although the amino - terminal half independently binds alpha - catenin .
Newly disclosed interactions between gephyrin , exchange factors for G proteins of the Rho and Rac families , the translational regulator RAFT1 , and actin - binding proteins like profilin might integrate activity - dependent and trophic - factor - mediated signals at developing postsynaptic sites .
One such protein is the yeast actin - binding protein Sac6p , which is homologous to vertebrate fimbrin ( Adams , A . E . M . , D . Botstein , and D . G . Drubin . 1991 . Nature ( Lond . ) . 354 : 404 - 408 . ) .
Expression of alpha - catenin was generally weak and did not correlate with the expression of either beta - catenin or E - cadherin .
The assay detects the high - affinity binding of actin to actin - binding proteins ( ABPs ) , cofilin or DNase I .
Neither can profilin I , in the presence of the peptide , promote actin polymerization during its early phase consistent with a lower affinity .
Immunostaining showed that APBs also contain replication factor A , RAD51 , and RAD52 , proteins involved in DNA synthesis and recombination .
These findings provide the first evidence that profilin is a key molecule linking a signaling network to rapid actin polymerization in microspike formation .
Mechanism of action of Acanthamoeba profilin : demonstration of actin species specificity and regulation by micromolar concentrations of MgCl2 .
Here we show that the ubiquitin - dependent proteolysis system is involved in the regulation of beta - catenin turnover .
The actin - sequestering activity of both maize profilin classes was found to be dependent on the concentration of free calcium .
OBJECTIVE : To determine whether other glycoprotein 130 ( gp130 ) binding cytokines can mimic the effects of oncostatin M ( OSM ) in acting synergistically with interleukin - 1alpha ( IL - 1alpha ) to induce cartilage collagen breakdown and collagenase expression , and to determine which receptors mediate these effects .
In contrast , profilin had little effect on the rigidity and viscosity of actin filaments .
This mutant profilin I suppresses actin polymerization in microspike formation induced by N - WASP , the essential factor in microspike formation .
Since both caldesmon and profilin have been found enriched in ruffling membranes of animal cells , our in vitro findings may be relevant to the regulation of actin filaments in living cells .
Deletion of SIR4 enhanced mURA3 and MET15 silencing , but deletion of SIR1 or SIR3 did not affect silencing , indicating that the mechanism of silencing differs from that at telomeres and silent mating loci .
In cell extracts , we found that complementary strand synthesis was inhibited by the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p21 ( WAF1 / CIP1 ) and rescued by the addition of proliferating cell nuclear antigen , arguing for the involvement of DNA polymerase ( Pol ) delta in the conversion reaction .
To investigate the possibility that TD77 disrupts actin stress fibers by binding directly to the C - terminal actin binding site , additional talin fusion proteins were generated and analyzed for TD77 and actin binding .
Co - precipitation experiments using whole cell lysates indicate that the mutant form of alpha - catenin binds beta - catenin and plakoglobin , and can form a structural complex with E - cadherin via these interactions .
In order to determine possible changes in the cytoskeleton organization and function during these processes , we have studied the in situ distribution of two major cytoskeleton - associated elements involved in the membrane anchorage of actin microfilaments , i . e . vinculin and talin , during the ontogeny of the neural crest and its derivatives in the avian embryo .
Expressions of cyclin E , A , and B1 in Hodgkin and Reed - Sternberg cells : not suppressed by cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p21 expression .
To characterize the AAV functions mediating this effect , cloned AAV type 2 wild - type or mutant genomes were transfected into simian virus 40 ( SV40 ) - transformed hamster cells together with the six HSV replication genes ( encoding UL5 , UL8 , major DNA - binding protein , DNA polymerase , UL42 , and UL52 ) which together are necessary and sufficient for the induction of SV40 DNA amplification ( R . Heilbronn and H . zur Hausen , J . Virol . 63 : 3683 - 3692 , 1989 ) .
Further , PRP incubated with IL - 6 showed a dose dependent increase in TXB2 and BTG secretion as measured by RIA and an increased incorporation of actin binding protein , talin , and myosin into the cytoskeletal core ( triton insoluble residue ) as shown by SDS - PAGE .
The protein has the two conserved domains identified as actin and phosphatidylinositol 4 , 5 - biphosphate ( PIP2 ) binding sites found in members of the cofilin family .
The cellular tumor antigen p53 is bound to the simian virus 40 ( SV40 ) large T - antigen in SV40 - infected and - transformed cells .
The tandem repeat domain in the Listeria monocytogenes ActA protein controls the rate of actin - based motility , the percentage of moving bacteria , and the localization of vasodilator - stimulated phosphoprotein and profilin .
Removal of the amino - terminal tails of either histone H3 or histone H4 allowed these polyamides to bind .
Here , we report that Aip1p also interacts with the ubiquitous actin depolymerizing factor cofilin .
Analysis of the formation of the calf spleen complex in the presence of varying concentrations of divalent cations gave evidence for the presence of a high - affinity divalent - cation - binding site on the spleen actin ( beta , gamma ) which appears to regulate the interaction with profilin .
Although profilin released actin at the appropriate time to stimulate actin assembly during exposure to chemoattractants , the concentration of profilin in PMN was insufficient to explain the high unpolymerized actin content in unstimulated PMN and the quantity of actin released from profilin too small to account for the large shifts from unpolymerized to polymerized actin associated with maximal chemoattractant stimulation .
Determination of the total profilin and actin concentrations in PMN revealed that the molar ratio of profilin to actin was 1 to 5 . 2 .
In this study , cell cycle - dependent expression of human and rodent RAD51 and RAD52 proteins was monitored using two approaches .
After elution of the three actin - binding proteins , actin and profilin were recovered from the DNase I column with 2 M urea solution .
When measured in the absence of profilin , actin assembly curves over a 0 . 7 - 4 microM thymosin - beta4 concentration range fit a simple monomer sequestering model ( 1 microM K ( D ) for Thymosin - beta4 . Actin ) .
Pulse - chase biosynthetic labeling experiments demonstrated that contractile arrest accelerated the loss of isotopic tracer from the total myofibrillar protein fraction , myosin heavy chain ( MHC ) , and actin , but not desmin .
Interaction of Munc - 18 - 2 with syntaxin 3 controls the association of apical SNAREs in epithelial cells .
Absence of alpha - syntrophin leads to structurally aberrant neuromuscular synapses deficient in utrophin .
Exposure of the rabbit retina to a combination of an A1 - adenosine receptor antagonist , 8 - cyclopentyl - 1 , 3 dipropylxanthine ( DPCPX ) , and adenosine deaminase did not affect the enhancing action of DAMGO on the light - evoked release of ACh .
Interaction of talin with actin : sensitive modulation of filament crosslinking activity .
The proteins encoded by MRS5 and MRS11 , which display 35 % , sequence identity are both located in the mitochondrial intermembrane space .
Immunohistochemical identification and localization of actin and fimbrin in vestibular hair cells in the normal guinea pig and in a strain of the waltzing guinea pig .
However , immunofluorescence staining revealed a similar organisation of actin microfilaments , talin and phosphotyrosyl - containing proteins on both substrates .
To determine the relationship between cell cycle regulation and differentiation , the spatiotemporal expression of cyclin A , cyclin B1 , cyclin D1 , the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitors ( CKIs ) p27 and p57 , and markers of differentiating podocytes in developing human kidneys was investigated by immunohistochemistry .
The herpes simplex virus type 1 UL8 protein influences the intracellular localization of the UL52 but not the ICP8 or POL replication proteins in virus - infected cells .
Mechanism of inhibition of proliferating cell nuclear antigen - dependent DNA synthesis by the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p21 .
Transfection of plasmids encoding the BRSV minigenome , nucleocapsid protein ( N ) , phosphoprotein ( P ) and L protein , each under the control of T7 promoter , into cells infected with a vaccinia virus recombinant expressing the T7 RNA polymerase gave rise to CAT activity and progeny with the minigenome .
We examined the role of the actin monomer sequestering protein , profilin , in the regulation of PMN actin filament assembly during chemoattractant stimulation using a Triton extraction method .
Four yeast spliceosomal proteins ( PRP5 , PRP9 , PRP11 , and PRP21 ) interact to promote U2 snRNP binding to pre - mRNA .
The sequences of the predicted HMP - 1 , HMP - 2 , and HMR - 1 proteins are related to the cell adhesion proteins alpha - catenin , beta - catenin / Armadillo , and classical cadherin , respectively .
These phenotypes are similar to those of the mutant of PFY1 , which encodes profilin , an actin - binding protein .
CD26 is a T cell activation antigen known to bind adenosine deaminase and have dipeptidyl peptidase IV activity .
Redistribution of actin , profilin and phosphatidylinositol - 4 , 5 - bisphosphate in growing and maturing root hairs
We report here that LIMK1 and LIMK2 phosphorylate both cofilin and actin - depolymerizing factor ( ADF ) specifically at Ser - 3 and exhibit partially distinct substrate specificity when tested using site - directed cofilin mutants as substrates .
The role of profilin in actin polymerization and nucleotide exchange .
We studied the roles of cofilin , an actin - binding phosphoprotein , in superoxide production of neutrophil - like HL - 60 cells triggered by opsonized zymosan ( OZ ) .
A further outcome of this study is that the actin filament core bundles in microvilli of chicken pigment epithelial cells are presumed to contain a crosslinking protein , which is not immunologically related to either villin , fimbrin or myosin I of the intestinal brush border .
The titration of pyrene - labeled rabbit skeletal actin with human profilin yielded a Kd of 2 . 8 microM , similar to the Kd of 2 . 0 microM for the interaction between yeast profilin and pyrene - labeled yeast actin .
Interestingly , profilin overproduction can compensate for the deleterious effects of too much actin in a profilin concentration - dependent manner .
In localization studies with mammalian cells , all fusion proteins showed the localization expected for profilin in areas of high actin dynamics , such as leading lamellae and ruffles induced by epidermal growth factor .
Immuno - EM double - labeling experiments were conducted with antibodies to actin together with antibodies to the actin binding proteins Abp1p and cofilin .
Here we show that cdc12p is a member of a family of proteins including Drosophila diaphanous , Saccharomyces cerevisiae BNI1 , and S . pombe fus1 , which are involved in cytokinesis or other actin - mediated processes .
Replacement of serine 38 with cysteine created a unique site where labeling with rhodamine did not alter the affinity of profilin for actin .
Ser - 133 phosphorylation enhances CREB activity by promoting interaction with a 265 - kDa CREB binding protein referred to as CBP ( Arias , J . , Alberts , A . , Brindle , P . , Claret , F . , Smeal , T . , Karin , M . , Feramisco , J . , and Montminy , M . ( 1994 ) Nature 370 , 226 - 228 ; Chrivia , J . C . , Kwok , R . P . , Lamb , N . , Hagiwara , M . , Montminy , M . R . , and Goodman , R . H . ( 1993 ) Nature 365 , 855 - 859 ) .
First , the C - terminal verprolin - cofilin - acidic domain was shown to be essential for the regulation of actin cytoskeleton .
In normal livers , E - cad , alpha - catenin and beta - catenin , but not CD44s , CD44v5 , CD44v6 , CD44v7 - 8 , and CD44v10 , were expressed at the cell membrane of normal intrahepatic bile ducts .
We attribute these effects to potential sequestration of actin monomers by profilin , when present in excess .
In contrast , ADP - ribosylation of actin at Arg95 / Arg372 induced by turkey erythrocyte transferase decreased the nucleotide dissociation rate to 1 . 5 x 10 ( 3 ) s - 1 and inhibited the profilin - induced stimulation of nucleotide exchange .
Reduced expression of alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and gamma - catenin is associated with high cell proliferative activity and poor differentiation in non - small cell lung cancer .
The yeast two - hybrid system was used to identify domains involved in specific in vivo interactions between the Rinderpest virus ( RPV ) phosphoprotein ( P ) and nucleocapsid protein ( N ) .
Although the chemical basis of these results is not known , they indicate that profilin can tightly sequester actin monomers and support the earlier suggestion that the affinity of profilin for actin may be under metabolic control .
The effects of two adhesion substrates ( serum and laminin ) and time in culture on the expression of genes encoding myosin heavy chain ( MHC ) isoforms and alpha - skeletal actin were analysed in myocytes isolated from adult rat heart and maintained in serum - free culture .
We examined whether levels of alpha - smooth - muscle actin or proliferating cell nuclear antigen correlated with myosin heavy - chain levels in the glomeruli of rats with puromycin aminonucleoside nephrosis .
The clone contains an open reading frame of 139 amino acid residues which shows greater than 40 % sequence identity in a 91 amino acid overlap to animal actin - depolymerizing factors ( ADF ) , cofilin and destrin .
In CC , membranous expression of E - cad , alpha - catenin , and beta - catenin was the same or reduced when compared with non - cancerous bile ducts in the majority of CC .
Transcriptional expression of TNFR1 ( p55 ) , as well as that of FLICE , Fas , FADD , DR3 , FAF , TRADD , and RIP was similar in these cell lines , indicating that the susceptibility to TNFalpha - induced apoptosis may not be determined by the constitutive expression level of these factors .
The map locates the N - terminal calcium - binding domain and identifies actin - binding site residues on the two calponin - homology domains of fimbrin .
Profilin is generally thought to regulate actin polymerization , but the observation that acidic phospholipids dissociate the complex of profilin and actin raised the possibility that profilin might also regulate lipid metabolism .
To characterize the phenotypic alteration in mesangial cells in human glomerulonephritis , we investigated the expression of nonmuscle - type myosin heavy chain , SMemb , and alpha - smooth muscle actin ( alpha - SM actin ) in IgA nephropathy .
In this study , we demonstrate that profilin isoforms expressed in a single cell can have different effects on actin in living cells and that the poly - L - proline binding function of profilin may have important consequences for the regulation of actin cytoskeletal dynamics in plant cells .
In higher plants , a large number of isoforms for the actin monomer - binding protein profilin have been identified , whereas other organisms express only few profilins .
The colocalization of gelsolin and profilin in motile , microfilament - rich areas supports the hypothesis that they synergistically regulate the actin dynamics that underlie neurite growth .
It is well established that the cytoplasmic domain of E - cadherin binds either beta - catenin or plakoglobin , which both can assemble alpha - catenin into the complex .
To detect the expression of apoptosis - related molecules , ribonuclease protection assay was used with specific antisense RNA probes for Fas , Fas ligand , TNFR - 1 , TRAIL , FADD , TRADD , RIP , FAF , FAP , and caspase - 8 .
Calculated solution molecular masses are 213 kDa for alpha - catenin , 73 kDa for beta - catenin , and 186 kDa for both .
Equine satellite cell clone SE - 11 and ovine satellite cell clone I ( 1 ) were evaluated for expression of myosin heavy chain , myogenin , desmin , and muscle - specific actin over a 240 h period in culture .
Bistratene A causes phosphorylation of talin and redistribution of actin microfilaments in fibroblasts : possible role for PKC - delta .
Reversible binding of actin to gelsolin and profilin in human platelet extracts .
Actophorin and profilin have opposite effects on the rate of exchange of nucleotide bound to actin monomers .
Accordingly , beta - catenin is also found in these structures , again in the absence of alpha - catenin .
Overexpression of cyclin E and cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor ( p27Kip1 ) : effect on cell cycle regulation in HeLa cells .
Using an in vitro assay system involving bacterially expressed proteins , we localized a region in alpha - catenin required for molecular interaction with beta - catenin and plakoglobin .
Here we demonstrate that type XIII collagen is concentrated in cultured skin fibroblasts and several other human mesenchymal cell lines in the focal adhesions at the ends of actin stress fibers , co - localizing with the known focal adhesion components talin and vinculin .
TNF also inhibited muscle differentiation as measured by several parameters , including cell fusion and the expression of other muscle - specific genes , such as alpha - skeletal actin and myosin heavy chain .
Here we have now identified the reciprocal complementary binding site in alpha - catenin which mediates its interaction with beta - catenin and plakoglobin .
Treatment of cells with gamma linolenic acid ( GLA ) increased alpha catenin expression in most cell lines , while beta catenin levels were reduced , and gamma catenin expression was unchanged .
Polyacrylamide gels of platelets heated at 45 degrees C for 90 minutes showed an increase in talin incorporation into heated platelet cytoskeletons but no increase in filamentous actin .
These results suggest that the subcellular distribution of cofilin as well as its interaction with actin in vivo is regulated by its phosphorylation and dephosphorylation .
The NH2 - terminal 16kD of Abp1p , a 65 - kD yeast protein identified by its ability to bind to actin filaments , is 23 % identical to yeast cofilin .
Characterization of MLH1 and MSH2 DNA mismatch repair proteins in cell lines of the NCI anticancer drug screen .
Expression of beta - catenin was investigated in normal breast tissue and 66 breast carcinomas in conjunction with expression of epithelial cadherin ( E - CD ) and alpha - catenin .
Thus , profilin and actin expression are not co - regulated in all cells .
This filament growth is driven by a large storage pool of actin bound to the sequestering protein , profilin .
Neuropilin - 1 ( NRP1 ) is a 130 - kDa transmembrane receptor for semaphorins , mediators of neuronal guidance , and for vascular endothelial growth factor 165 ( VEGF ( 165 ) ) , an angiogenesis factor .
However , although expression of Ras alone will not induce G1 CDK activity or S phase , coexpression of Ras with Myc allows the generation of cyclin E - dependent kinase activity and the induction of S phase , coincident with the loss of the p27 cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor ( CKI ) .
act1 - 157 , an actin mutant with an increased intrinsic rate of nucleotide exchange , suppressed defects in actin organization , cell growth , and fluid - phase endocytosis of pfy1 - 4 , a profilin mutant defective in actin binding .
The existence of this pathway helps to explain some of the effects of LIM kinase and cofilin in the control of actin dynamics .
By this method , it was shown that four of these large RNA species are polycistronic transcripts containing sequences from two genes : one species contains nucleocapsid protein ( NP ) and phosphoprotein ( P ) gene sequences ; another , P and membrane protein ( M ) gene sequences ; another , M and fusion protein ( F0 ) gene sequences ; and another , F0 and hemagglutinin - neuraminidase protein ( HN ) gene sequences .
Structural studies on the ribbon - to - helix transition in profilin : actin crystals .
In their cytoplasmic region , some of these receptors share a conserved sequence motif - the ' death domain ' - which is required for transduction of the apoptotic signal by recruiting other death - domain - containing adaptor molecules like the Fas - associated protein FADD / MORT1 or the TNF receptor - associated protein TRADD [ 2 - 4 ] .
In this recombinant expression system , the dystrophin relatives , human dystrophin related protein ( DRP or utrophin ) and the 87K postsynaptic protein from Torpedo electric organ , also bind to translated beta 1 - syntrophin .
Three methods , fluorescence anisotropy of rhodamine - labeled profilin , intrinsic fluorescence and nucleotide exchange , give the same affinity , Kd = 0 . 1 microM , for Acanthamoeba profilins binding amoeba actin monomers with bound Mg - ATP .
Death receptors belong to the TNF receptor family and are characterised by an intracellular death domain that serves to recruit adapter proteins such as TRADD and FADD and cysteine proteases such as Caspase - 8 .
Actin - depolymerizing factor ( ADF ) and cofilin define a family of actin - binding proteins essential for the rapid turnover of filamentous actin in vivo .
Mammalian homologues of two important yeast genes involved in DNA double - strand break repair and recombination , RAD51 and RAD54 , have been isolated .
There are three histone H3 genes , two of which are identical ; four histone H2a genes , two of which are identical , one histone H4 gene ; and two histone H2b genes .
Although binding patterns of different sera were not identical , almost all sera caused IgG binding to platelet components of 87 - 90 kD , 140 kD ( identified as vinculin ) and 220 - 240 kD ( tentatively identified as talin and actin - binding protein ) .
Using the two - hybrid system , we show that verprolin binds actin .
Immunofluorescence microscopy of cells grown on fibronectin confirmed the presence of paxillin , talin , and vinculin at the ends of actin stress fibers at presumptive focal contacts in melanocytes .
A similar phenotype was seen in testes treated with cytochalasin B and has been noted previously in mutants at the twinstar locus , a gene that encodes a Drosophila member of the cofilin / ADF family of actin - severing proteins .
The very much lower affinity of profilin for modified actin explains the anomalous critical concentrations curves obtained for 5 - 10 % pyrenyl - labeled actin in the presence of profilin and the apparently weak inhibition by profilin of the rate of filament elongation when polymerization is quantified by the increase in fluorescence of pyrenyl - labeled actin .
The herpes simplex virus helicase - primase complex , a heterotrimer of the UL5 , UL8 , and UL52 proteins , displays a single predominant site of primer synthesis on phi X174 virion DNA ( Tenney , D . J . , Hurlburt , W . W . , Micheletti , P . M . , Bifano , M . , and Hamatake , R . K . ( 1994 ) J . Biol . Chem . 269 , 5030 - 5035 ) .
These data indicated a negative co - operativity between the profilin and DNase I binding sites on actin .
The serine phosphatases PP1 and PP2A associate with and activate the actin - binding protein cofilin in human T lymphocytes .
Specific interactions between the human RAD51 and RAD52 proteins .
Thus , the actin - binding dodecapeptide sequence of cofilin may constitute a multifunctional domain in cofilin .
Isolation and characterization of death domain ( TNF - RI , Fas , TRADD , FADD / MORT - 1 , RIP ) and TRAF domain - containing proteins ( TRAF - 1 , TRAF - 2 , TRAF - 3 ) have partially bridged a large molecular gap within one of several signaling pathways which originate at the plasma membrane and terminate in the nucleus .
Inhibition of actin polymerization in KCl was stronger than that of the parental profilin , and the Kd value of its interaction with rabbit skeletal muscle actin , as determined by falling ball viscometry , was smaller ( mean value 0 . 5 x 10 ( - 6 ) M , as compared to 1 . 9 x 10 ( - 6 ) M for bovine profilin ) .
However , the recombinant fusion protein containing wild - type beta - catenin precipitated alpha - catenin from these cells .
Immunofluorescence microscopy revealed that two actin - binding proteins of low molecular weight with different functional activity , ADF and cofilin , are transported into nuclei of cultured myogenic cells to form rod structures there together with actin , when the cells were incubated in medium containing dimethylsulfoxide .
Bud - site selection directs both cell polarity and the cytoskeletal orientation during budding and is determined by at least five genes : BUD1 / RSR1 , BUD2 , BUD3 , BUD4 and BUD5 .
Role of cofilin in epidermal growth factor - stimulated actin polymerization and lamellipod protrusion .
These genes were designated UL5 , UL8 , UL9 , UL42 , and UL52 and were predicted to encode proteins with molecular weights of , respectively , 99 , 000 , 80 , 000 , 94 , 000 , 51 , 000 , and 114 , 000 .
Recently , we characterized several profilin isoforms from maize pollen for their ability to alter cytoarchitecture when microinjected into living plant cells and for their association with poly - L - proline and monomeric actin from maize pollen .
Phosphorylation by LIM - kinase 1 inactivates cofilin , leading to accumulation of actin filaments .
The involvement of the death adaptor proteins FADD / MORT1 , TRADD , and RIP and the apoptosis - initiating caspases - 8 and - 10 in death signaling by the two death - inducing TRAIL receptors 1 and 2 ( TRAIL - R1 and TRAIL - R2 ) are controversial .
The gene for the human CREB binding protein , the transcriptional coactivator CBP , is included in the RT1 cosmid , and mutations in CBP have recently been identified in nondeleted RTS patients .
Since our earlier studies of Acanthamoeba profilins suggested the importance of PIP2 binding for suppression , we conclude that both activities are implicated and that an interplay between PIP2 binding and actin binding may be important for profilin function .
The verprolin - like central ( vc ) region of Wiskott - Aldrich syndrome protein induces Arp2 / 3 complex - dependent actin nucleation .
pH control of actin polymerization by cofilin .
Acanthamoeba profilin strongly inhibits in a concentration - dependent fashion the rate and extent of Acanthamoeba actin polymerization in 50 mM KCl .
Together these results indicate that TGFbeta regulates clusterin gene expression through an AP - 1 site and its cognate transcription factor AP - 1 , and requires the involvement of protein kinase C .
Profilin II binds actin with a similar affinity to that of profilin I , although it inhibits actin polymerization more strongly than profilin I under non - equilibrium conditions .
The C374S mutation had the most pronounced effect ; it reduced the polymerizability of the actin , abolished its binding to profilin , and filaments containing this mutation moved at reduced rates in the in vitro ' motility assay ' .
The influence of these collagens on cell morphology and the distribution pattern of actin , vimentin , talin , and vinculin was analyzed by light microscopy , conventional electron microscopy , immunofluorescence , and immunogold labeling after lysis - squirting .
In addition , we performed immunohistochemistry on sectioned Myf - 5 and MyoD mutant embryos with antibodies reactive with desmin , nestin , myosin heavy chain , sarcomeric actin , Myf - 5 , MyoD and myogenin .
Stable transfection of mutant plakoglobin molecules showed that deletion of the N - cadherin binding domain , but not the alpha - catenin binding domain , abolished beta - catenin downregulation .
This approach is based on the assumption that an actin mutation that specifically impairs the interaction with an actin - binding protein will cause a phenotype similar to a null mutation in the gene that encodes the actin - binding protein .
Analysis of profilin : actin crystals reveals an extensive intermolecular network , rather than a discrete " monomeric complex " , comprising stacked actin ribbons held in place by columns of profilin molecules , wedged in between neighboring actin subunits and running perpendicular to the ribbons .
The procedure allows for the simultaneous quantification of myosin heavy chain , myosin light chain , phosphorylatable myosin light chain and actin from as little as 50 mg of tissue .
Lack of detection in these preparations of a constituent that binds RBC alpha - spectrin antibody plus the presence of significant quantities of actin , further suggests that the principal membrane skeletal element is actin with perhaps smaller quantities of a 240 - kd component , identified by others as the protein talin .
Chemical modification of the cysteine residue 374 of actin , both with N - ethylmaleimide and with the fluorescent probe N - ( 1 - pyrenyl ) iodoacetamide , is shown to counteract the inhibiting effect of profilin on actin polymerization .
Thus , actin was found in association with fimbrin in the mechanoreceptive region of hair cells , whereas supporting cells , although rich in actin , did not reveal fimbrin .
Several intracellular proteins termed catenins , including alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and plakoglobin , are tightly associated with these cadherins and serve to link them to the cytoskeleton .
Effects of mutations of RAD50 , RAD51 , RAD52 , and related genes on illegitimate recombination in Saccharomyces cerevisiae .
The core , isolated in the absence of free Ca2 + , contains five major proteins : the actin ( Mr 43 000 ) that makes up the filaments , the villin ( Mr 95 000 ) and fimbrin ( Mr 68 000 ) that cross - link the filaments together , and the 110 000 Mr polypeptide - calmodulin complex that makes up cross - filaments which project laterally from the core and link it to the inner surface of the microvillus membrane .
Human profilins are multifunctional , single - domain proteins which directly link the actin microfilament system to a variety of signalling pathways via two spatially distinct binding sites .
RAD52 or RAD51 recombination - deficient yeast strains stabilize otherwise unstable YACs containing ribosomal DNA or the human color vision locus ( Kohno et al . , 1994 ) .
Because other researchers have shown that the RAD51 and RAD52 proteins interact , RAD51 on a high copy number plasmid was tested and found to suppress the rad52 - 20 allele , but RAD 54 , 55 and 57 did not suppress .
We found that the expression of all these genes , including thymidylate synthase ( TS ) , dihydrofolate reductase ( DHFR ) , ribonucleotide reductase ( PNR ) , proliferating cell nuclear antigen ( PCNA ) , histone H1 , histone H2A + 2B , histone H3 , and histone H4 , was induced to high levels in young IMR - 90 cells but not in old IMR - 90 cells .
Recently we reported that the isolated 23 kDa N - terminal fragment of myosin heavy chain , which contains the ' consensus ' ATP binding site , binds to actin in an ATP - sensitive manner ( Muhlrad , A . ( 1989 ) Biochemistry 28 , 4002 ) .
A highly significant correlation was observed between the loss of expression of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin and gamma - catenin , but not beta - catenin , with increased TNM stage ( p < 0 . 05 ) .
This implies that Munc18 - 2 function in apical membrane trafficking involves aspects independent of the syntaxin 3 interaction .
Reduced expression of E - cadherin and alpha - catenin , as well as mutations in the E - cadherin gene , have been found in various carcinomas , whereas mutations in the alpha - and beta - catenin genes have been described only in carcinoma cell lines .
The observed in vivo expression patterns of alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and plakoglobin suggest that these proteins are directly linked with the developmental regulation of cell junctions , as cardiac cells become stably committed and phenotypically differentiated to eventually form a mature myocardium .
Sequences upstream of the coding region for RAD51 protein share homology with the damage response sequence element of RAD54 , an upstream activating sequence required for damage regulation of the RAD54 transcript , and also contain two sites for restriction enzyme MluI ; the presence of MluI restriction sites has been associated with cell cycle regulation .
This novel mutation was predicted to disrupt the binding of beta - catenin to alpha - catenin and may be related to the diffuse type morphology .
Digestion of isolated myofibrils with alkaline proteinase resulted in the degradation of myosin heavy chain and actin .
While alpha - catenin has been demonstrated to be crucial for cadherin function , the role of beta - catenin is not yet fully understood .
Cofilin and profilin may also be involved in the redistribution of actin during myofibrillogenesis and in the process of actin disassembly in degenerating muscles .
The myosin heavy chain ( MHC ) contains the actin - and ATP - binding sites and represents the molecular motor of muscle contraction .
We have examined the level of cyclin E , a G1 cyclin , and p27kip , a cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor , in BALB / c 3T3 cells .
A model is proposed for the function of profilin in actin - based motility .
The head domain of talin thus binds to integrins to form a link to the actin cytoskeleton and can thus regulate integrin function .
Immunoprecipitation of alpha - catenin was increased in response to both doses of CdCl2 , while the immunoprecipitation of beta - catenin was little changed by either cadmium dose .
Various immunological assays suggest that four of these proteins ( UL5 , UL8 , UL9 , and UL52 ) are made in infected cells in very low abundance relative to the other three .
Herpes simplex virus type 1 ( HSV - 1 ) encodes a helicase - primase that consists of the products of the UL5 , UL8 , and UL52 genes ( Crute , J . J . , Tsurumi , T . , Zhu , L . , Weller , S . K . , Olivo , P . D . , Challberg , M . D . , Mocarski , E . S . and Lehman , I . R . ( 1989 ) Proc . Natl . Acad . Sci . U . S . A . 86 , 2186 - 2189 ) .
Effects of single amino acid substitutions in the actin - binding site on the biological activity of bovine profilin I .
Three components of Drosophila adherens junctions , analogous to those in vertebrates , have been identified : Armadillo ( homolog of beta - catenin ) , Drosophila E - cadherin ( DE - cadherin ) , and alpha - catenin .
Here we identify a pathway for the regulation of cofilin , a ubiquitous actin - binding protein that is essential for effective depolymerization of actin filaments .
PF4 - dependent downregulation of cyclin E - cdk2 activity was associated with increased binding of the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor , p21 ( Cip1 / WAF1 ) , to the cyclin E - cdk2 complex .
END5 encodes a proline - rich protein ( End5p or verprolin ) required for a polarised cortical actin cytoskeleton and endocytosis [ 2 , 3 ] .
We found normal levels of alpha - catenin and beta - catenin in BT549 and HS578t cells ; however , low levels of plakoglobin were expressed in these cells compared to those found in weakly invasive MCF - 7 cells .
The ability of WIP to replace verprolin is dependent on its WH2 actin binding domain and a putative profilin binding domain .
Kinetic studies on the effect of yeast cofilin on yeast actin polymerization .
Transfection of alpha - catenin - deficient colon carcinoma cells recruited E - cadherin and beta - catenin to cell - cell contacts and functional cadherin - mediated cell - cell adhesion was restored in this way .
AIMS : To investigate the disturbance of intercellular adhesion in adenoid cystic carcinoma ( ACC ) , we examined the ultrastructural localization of E - cadherin ( E - cad ) , alpha - catenin ( alpha - cat ) and beta - catenin ( beta - cat ) in ACC , and compared it with that in the normal labial gland .
The herpes simplex virus type - 1 UL5 , UL8 , and UL52 genes encode an essential heterotrimeric DNA helicase - primase that is responsible for concomitant DNA unwinding and primer synthesis at the viral DNA replication fork .
These data strongly suggest that the head , neck , and tail domains of all myosin heavy chains , and light chains at least of class II myosins , have coevolved and are likely to be functionally interdependent , consistent with biochemical evidence showing that regulated actin - dependent MgATPase activity of Dictyostelium myosin II requires isoform specific interactions between the heavy chain head and tail and light chains .
Immediately after synthesis , E - cadherin , beta - catenin , and plakoglobin cosedimented as complexes .
Analysis of various truncated alpha - catenin molecules revealed that amino - terminal residues 48 - 163 are able to bind to beta - catenin and plakoglobin .
Evidence suggests that this differential recognition bears functional significance concerning the intricate roles of profilin and inositol lipids in modulating actin polymerization and PtdIns ( 4 , 5 ) P2 turnover .
Rod formation was prevented by coexpression of N - cadherin , APC , and Tcf - 4 , which bind to the armadillo repeats of beta - catenin , but not by coexpression of alpha - catenin , although alpha - catenin expression did prevent accumulation of beta - catenin in the nucleus .
Villin and fimbrin are two actin - binding proteins that bundle actin filaments in the intestine and kidney brush border epithelium .
The phosphoprotein was identified as cofilin , an actin - binding protein , and the activation - induced changes in its intracellular distribution have been described elsewhere ( Suzuki et al . , 1995 , J Biol Chem 270 : 19551 - 19556 ) .
beta - catenin or plakoglobin is associated directly with the cadherin ; alpha - catenin binds to beta - catenin / plakoglobin and serves to link the cadherin / catenin complex to the actin cytoskeleton .
In the present study we show that brush cells can be identified in tissue sections even at the light microscopic level by immunostaining with antibodies against villin and fimbrin , two proteins that crosslink actin filaments to form bundles .
RAD51 , RAD52 , RAD57 , and RAD59 were required for efficient gap repair using either chromosomal or plasmid donors .
Reduced expression of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , and beta - catenin was observed in 64 % ( 87 of 135 ) , 50 % ( 43 of 86 ) , and 58 % ( 50 of 86 ) of the specimens tested , respectively .
These results suggest that cofilin provides an as yet missing link between functionally crucial T cell surface receptors and rearrangements of the actin cytoskeleton .
The current view of the mechanism of action of Acanthamoeba profilin is that it binds to actin monomers , forming a complex that cannot polymerize [ Tobacman , L . S . , & Korn , E . D . ( 1982 ) J . Biol . Chem . 257 , 4166 - 4170 ; Tseng , P . , & Pollard , T . D . ( 1982 ) J . Cell Biol . 94 , 213 - 218 ; Tobacman , L . S . , Brenner , S . L . , & Korn , E . D . ( 1983 ) J . Biol . Chem . 258 , 8806 - 8812 ] .
A major point of interest was to clarify whether rheological , high precision measurements can yield quantitative information about the influence of talin and vinculin on the structure , chain dynamics , elasticity and viscoelasticity of actin filaments with time .
A portion of glucokinase appeared to be co - localized with actin filaments in the cytoplasm of cultured rat hepatocytes incubated with 25 mM glucose .
Gel electrophoresis was used to measure changes in the relative amounts of actin or myosin and of myosin heavy chain ( MHC ) isoforms .
All these results suggest that cofilin is a new type of actin - associated protein .
However , similar to utrophin , alpha - syntrophin is only present at the neuromuscular junction in mdx mouse muscle in which dystrophin is absent .
Elevation of cAMP induced morphologic alterations indicative of changes in the adhesive status of the macrophage , including cell rounding and disassembly of structures that represent points of contact with substrate containing actin and talin .
Microinjection or stable expression of V12Ras into keratinocytes promotes the loss of E - cadherin and alpha - catenin and relocalization of beta - catenin to the cytoplasm and nucleus .
Our data , which suggest that pollen profilin can regulate actin - based cytoskeletal protein assembly and protein kinase or phosphatase activity , indicate a possible role for the involvement of profilin in signaling pathways that may regulate pollen tube growth .
Because both proteins exchange rapidly between actin molecules , low concentrations of profilin can overcome the inhibitory effects of high concentrations of thymosin beta 4 on the nucleotide exchange .
In addition , interactions with components of the phosphatidylinositol cycle and the RAS pathway in yeast implicate profilin as an important link through which the actin cytoskeleton is able to communicate with major signaling pathways .
Cotransfections with different combinations of these genes demonstrated that a subset of four of them , coding for the HSV helicase - primase complex ( UL5 , UL8 , UL52 ) and the major DNA - binding protein ( UL29 ) , was already sufficient to mediate the helper effect .
These data suggest that nuclear profilin can mediate a stimulus - response action on the actin cytoskeleton which is somehow linked to a phosphoinositide - signaling cascade .
In Acanthamoeba actin polymerization is regulated , at least in part , by profilin , which binds to actin monomers , and by capping protein , which both nucleates polymerization and blocks monomer addition at the ' barbed ' end of the filament .
Up to now three allergens have been identified as responsible for cross - reactivity in these associations : profilin , a 14 kd protein that regulates actin ; Bet v 1 , the 18 kd birch pollen allergen ; and a 60 - 69 kd allergen .
The Src homology domain 3 ( SH3 ) of a yeast type I myosin , Myo5p , binds to verprolin and is required for targeting to sites of actin polarization .
The herpes simplex virus type 1 ( HSV ) UL5 , UL8 , and UL52 proteins form a helicase - primase complex in infected cells .
However , a number of mammalian DNA repair proteins lack NLS clusters ; these proteins include ERCC1 , ERCC2 ( XPD ) , mouse RAD51 , and the HHR23B / p58 and HHR23A subunits of XPC .
Herpes simplex virus type 1 ( HSV - 1 ) encodes a helicase - primase that consists of three polypeptides encoded by the UL5 , UL8 , and UL52 genes ( Crute , J . J . , Tsurumi , T . , Zhu , L . , Weller , S . K . , Olivo , P . D . , Challberg , M . D . , Mocarski , E . S . , and Lehman , I . R . ( 1989 ) Proc . Natl .
Inhibition of actomyosin subfragment 1 ATPase activity by analog peptides of the actin - binding site around the Cys ( SH1 ) of myosin heavy chain .
The C - terminal region of ORC3 was , however , necessary to bring ORC4 and ORC5 into the core complex .
Insulin - like growth factor I stimulates cardiac myosin heavy chain and actin synthesis in the awake rat .
LOH was found in the RAD51 region in 32 % of tumours , in the RAD52 region in 16 % , in RAD54 in 20 % and in the BRCA1 and BRCA2 regions in 49 % and 44 % respectively .
The results clearly showed that the mutated cofilin possessing KTLKK instead of KKRKK did not translocate into the nuclei in response to heat shock whereas a recombinant cofilin with the unaltered sequence of KKRKK responded to heat shock and formed intranuclear rods together with actin .
Genetic dissection of Drosophila myofibril formation : effects of actin and myosin heavy chain null alleles .
Analyses of dynamic light scattering data by stretched exponential fit show that vinculin has a negligible influence on internal actin filament dynamics and actin bending stiffness which contrasts with our previous observations with talin , another actin and vinculin - binding protein from focal adhesions .
Here we show that the Arp2 subunit of the complex can be chemically cross - linked to the actin - binding site of profilin .
Characterization of the interactions of alpha - catenin with alpha - actinin and beta - catenin / plakoglobin .
Here we describe the TNF - dependent activation of acid SMase ( A - SMase ) through the p55 TNF receptor - associated proteins TRADD and FADD .
High levels of profilin suppress the lethality caused by overproduction of actin in yeast cells .
Particle aggregates associated with this array of actin microfilaments also labeled with antibodies to vinculin , talin and beta 1 - integrin .
The distribution of actin filaments is altered by profilin overexpression .
An assembly of the UL5 and UL52 subunits retains both enzymic activities , and the UL8 protein has been implicated in modulating these functions , facilitating efficient nuclear uptake of the complex and interacting with other viral DNA replication proteins .
Acidic domain of the phosphoprotein ( P ) of vesicular stomatitis virus differentially interacts with homologous and heterologous nucleocapsid protein ( N ) .
After 24 or 48 hours of shear , staining for VE - cadherin , alpha - catenin , and beta - catenin was intense and peripheral , forming a band of " dashes " ( adherens plaques ) that colocalized with the ends of stress fibers that inserted along the lateral membranes of cells .
We have biochemically identified the Saccharomyces cerevisiae homologue of the mammalian actin binding protein cofilin .
All of the experimental data were quantitatively accounted for on the basis of a 1 : 1 complex between profilin and monomeric actin with a Kr between 4 and 9 microM , the same value obtained previously in the absence of MgCl2 .
We investigated actin filament turnover rates , length , number , barbed end exposure , and binding of cofilin in bovine arterial endothelial cells moving at different speeds depending on their position in a confluent monolayer .
The products of the yeast mismatch repair genes MSH2 and MSH3 participate in the inhibition of genetic recombination between homeologous ( divergent ) DNA sequences .
Recruitment of a myosin heavy chain kinase to actin - rich protrusions in Dictyostelium .
However , increases were also selective in nature , with increases in certain individual proteins , including actin ( twofold to threefold ) , vimentin ( 2 . 5 - fold to sevenfold ) , tropomyosin ( threefold to sixfold ) , and myosin heavy chain , far exceeding overall increases in cellular protein content ( 20 - 40 % ) .
Involvement of profilin in the actin - based motility of L . monocytogenes in cells and in cell - free extracts .
VASP , in turn , provides the ABM - 2 sequences [ XPPPPP , X = G , P , L , S , A ] for binding profilin , an actin - regulatory protein that stimulates actin filament assembly .
It is estimated that at optimal levels of transcription , every molecule of viral genomic RNA associates with approximately the following number of protein molecules : 30 molecules of L , 120 molecules of phosphoprotein P , and 60 molecules each of actin and profilin .
These increases were specific ; DNA , total protein , lactic dehydrogenase , profilin , and actin depolymerizing factor levels were unchanged in the overexpressing cells .
Abnormal immunoreactivity in the tumor tissue was observed in 18 patients ( 34 . 0 % ) for E - cadherin , in 35 ( 66 . 0 % ) for alpha - catenin , in 20 ( 37 . 7 % ) for beta - catenin , and in 37 ( 69 . 8 % ) for gamma - catenin .
Histone H3 showed at least seven sites of acetylation , histone H2B . 1 had six sites and histone H4 had five sites .
Neuropilin - 1 mediates collapsin - 1 / semaphorin III inhibition of endothelial cell motility : functional competition of collapsin - 1 and vascular endothelial growth factor - 165 .
Study of mutated yeast profilins and profilins from Acanthamoeba suggests that the ability of profilin to suppress cap - cells is dependent upon a property other than , or in addition to , its ability to bind actin .
Loss of normal surface E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin and gamma - catenin expression was found in 52 / 68 ( 76 . 4 % ) tumors , 57 / 68 ( 83 . 8 % ) tumors , 54 / 68 ( 79 . 4 % ) tumors and 54 / 68 ( 79 . 4 % ) tumors ( p < 0 . 001 ) .
Dynamic actin structures stabilized by profilin .
The junctional multidomain protein AF - 6 is a binding partner of the Rap1A GTPase and associates with the actin cytoskeletal regulator profilin .
Conversely , inhibition of LIMK ' s activity by expressing a dominant negative construct , LIMK1 - , or expression of the constitutively active S3A cofilin mutant induces loss of actin filaments at the phagocytic cup and also inhibits phagocytosis .
The contents of myosin heavy chain , myosin light chain 2 , actin , troponin - I in 125 - week - old rats decreased compared with those of 12 - week - old rats .
The two cardiac myosin heavy chain isoforms , alpha and beta , differ functionally , alpha Myosin exhibits higher actin - activated ATPase than does beta myosin , and hearts expressing alpha myosin exhibit increased contractility relative to hearts expressing beta myosin .
By the use of HSV mutants for the UL9 gene we show here that HSV can induce DNA amplification in the absence of lytic viral growth in contrast to replication - negative mutants for either the UL8 or UL52 gene used as control .
Compared with control and contralateral kidneys , the ligated kidneys displayed a dynamic expression of mRNAs for many apoptosis - related molecules , which included an up to threefold increase for Fas , Fas ligand , TNF - R1 , TRAIL , TRADD , RIP , and caspase - 8 , and an up to twofold increase for FADD and FAP , but there was little change for FAF .
alpha - Skeletal actin and fast myosin heavy chain mRNAs were detected precociously , before the young myotube stage .
Integrin binding may be promoted by disruption of links to the cytoskeleton , effected through depolymerisation of actin or cleavage of linking protein talin by calpain .
Further , we show that talin , a high molecular weight structural protein that links integrins to the actin cytoskeleton , is proteolytically cleaved in fetal , but not in neonatal melanocytes .
In the present paper , using indirect immunofluorescence , we found that PMN adhesion to tumor necrosis factor - activated endothelial cells ( EC ) induced the disappearance from endothelial cell - to - cell contacts of adherens junction ( AJ ) components : vascular endothelial ( VE ) - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and plakoglobin .
When a lyophilized Mf and AO mixture was incubated at 40 degrees C and 65 % relative humidity , the conjugation of AO was confirmed at myosin heavy chain , actin , and tropomyosin .
METHODS AND RESULTS : The frequency - dependent effects of iodotubercidin ( ITU , an inhibitor of adenosine kinase ) , erythro - 9 - ( 2 - hydroxy - 3 - nonyl ) adenine ( EHNA , an inhibitor of adenosine deaminase ) , draflazine ( a nucleoside transport blocker ) , and PD81 , 723 ( an allosteric enhancer of the A1 adenosine receptor binding ) on the stimulus - to - His bundle ( SH ) interval , a measure of AV nodal conduction , were determined in guinea pig hearts and compared with those of adenosine and diltiazem .
From an analysis of profilin mutants , whose actin cytoskeleton is disrupted , we found that E - APC also requires actin filaments to associate with adhesive cell membranes in the ovary .
However , these mutants displayed a lower affinity for actin than wild - type profilin , suggesting that additional putative bonds created this way cannot increase profilin ' s affinity for actin .
HGF / SF treatment of LoVo reduced the amount of alpha - catenin complexed with E - cadherin more markedly than in L - 10 , but in both cell lines this reduction was not accompanied by increased tyrosine phosphorylation of beta - catenin , suggesting the presence of a mechanism other than phosphorylation for release from cell - cell adhesion during cell motility .
Our results show that the major pool of polymerizable actin monomers is complexed with profilin and spread throughout the cytoplasm .
Fusion of the endocardial ridges of the truncus on late ED13 is accompanied by the organization of alpha - smooth muscle actin - and nonmuscle myosin heavy chain - positive myofibroblasts into a central whorl and the appearance of the semilunar valve anlagen at their definitive topographical position within the proximal portion of the truncus .
Inhibition of actin polymerization by a synthetic dodecapeptide patterned on the sequence around the actin - binding site of cofilin .
The exogeneous cofilin , but not ADF , caused quick disassembly of actin filaments and accumulated in furrow region of dividing cells .
As previous studies indicated that the RVS161 and RVS167 gene products of Saccharomyces cerevisiae seem to be involved in the same cellular function , we considered the possibility of a complex between the proteins encoded by these two genes .
Effects of profilin - annexin I association on some properties of both profilin and annexin I : modification of the inhibitory activity of profilin on actin polymerization and inhibition of the self - association of annexin I and its interactions with liposomes .
Abundance of actin , talin , alpha 5 and beta 1 integrins , pp125 focal adhesion kinase , and alpha - catenin is not affected by the differential calreticulin expression .
Several lines of evidence show that the profilins fully renature after removal of the urea by dialysis : 1 ) dialyzed Acanthamoeba and human profilins rebind quantitatively to poly - L - proline and bind to actin in the same way as native , conventionally purified profilin without urea treatment ; 2 ) dialyzed profilins form 3 - D crystals under the same conditions as native profilins ; 3 ) dialyzed Acanthamoeba profilin - I has an NMR spectrum identical with that of native profilin - I ; and 4 ) dialyzed human and Acanthamoeba profilins inhibit actin polymerization .
The intracellular molecules calmodulin and profilin actively regulate actin - based motility and participate in the signaling pathways used to steer growth cones .
alpha - Catenin was not associated with these complexes after synthesis , but a subpopulation of alpha - catenin joined the complex at a time coincident with the arrival of E - cadherin at the plasma membrane .
We find that profilin and cofilin regulate actin - filament formation throughout the cell cortex .
Moreover , in the presence of cofilin , rapid interconversion of monomeric and polymeric forms of actin can be induced by simply changing the pH of the medium .
The polypeptide folds and the actin - binding surfaces of the amoeba profilins are very similar to those of bovine and human profilins .
Yeast profilin was shown to catalyze adenine nucleotide exchange from yeast actin almost 2 orders of magnitude less efficiently than human profilin and rabbit skeletal muscle actin .
Immunolocalization of E - cadherin ( E - cad ) , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and CD44 has rarely been investigated in human cholangiocarcinoma ( CC ) .
Thus , APC forms distinct heteromeric complexes containing combinations of alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and plakoglobin which are independent from the cadherin - catenin complexes .
cDNA clones of the N , P , and L genes were constructed in pGEM - based expression plasmids and shown to direct expression of the appropriate polypeptides .
We tested for the presence of alpha - smooth muscle actin , tropomyosin , desmin , smooth muscle myosin ( heavy chain ) and cytoskeletal proteins vimentin and cytokeratin .
Integrating the actin and vimentin cytoskeletons .
After in vitro labelling of isolated rat liver nuclei , the following ADP - ribosylated and unmodified histones were identified by HPLC and gel electrophoresis : histone H1 ( 0 ) , four histone H1 subfractions , histone H2A . 1 , histone H2A . 2 , oxidized histone H2A . 2 , histone H2A . X , histone H2A . Z , histone H2B , three histone H3 variants and histone H4 .
RESULTS : Reduced normal expression of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , and beta - catenin in comparison with normal epithelium was detected in 78 primary tumors , respectively .
Exclusion of cardiac myosin heavy chain and actin gene involvement in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy of several French families .
These results show that cofilin / ADF is an important regulator of actin - based cell motility during Drosophila development .
Molecular analysis of the cadherin - catenin complex elucidated the central role of beta - catenin in this adhesion complex , as it binds to the cytoplasmic domain of E - cadherin and to alpha - catenin .
Interaction of the yeast RAD51 and RAD52 proteins plays a crucial role in yeast DNA homologous recombination and DNA double - strand break repair .
Adherens junction proteins ( N - cadherin , E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , plakoglobin , and actin ) and the proliferation marker Ki - 67 were localized in the cultures by fluorescence microscopy , and in vitro wound healing was compared .
In enriched cell lines and in a pure myocyte cell strain , EGF inhibited increases in immunoreactive sarcomeric actin and sarcomeric myosin heavy chain ( SMHC ) normally seen after serum withdrawal .
Immunofluorescence microscopy of monolayers between 2 and 3 h post - TGF - beta1 showed that beta - catenin , plakoglobin , alpha - catenin , and cadherin - 5 were colocalized both at the cell periphery and in newly formed bands that are perpendicular to the cell - cell border .
Actin isoforms from different species were also compared , and the effect of profilin on the thermal stability of actin was studied .
Since the NH2 terminus of profilin is blocked , Edman degradation gave only the sequence of the conjugated actin CNBr fragment beginning with Trp - 356 .
Overexpression of a gene fragment encoding the CREB binding domain of CBP stimulates transcription from the PEPCK gene promoter .
Experiments performed using extracts from doubly infected cells indicated that UL8 could interact separately with both the UL5 and UL52 proteins .
Membranous staining and concomitant cytoplasmic localization of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin and gamma - catenin were seen in one case with abnormal beta - catenin immunoreactivity .
These results suggest that cofilin may be involved in dynamic reorganization of membranous actin cytoskeletons .
The mutants ranged in affinity , from those that only weakly affected polymerization of actin to one that bound actin more strongly than wild - type profilin .
Immunoblot and Northern blot analyses also revealed the presence of alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and gamma - catenin ( plakoglobin ) in these cell lines .
Biochemical complementation experiments also indicate that the PRP9 and PRP11 proteins interact .
The actin - binding protein profilin was isolated from Tetrahymena thermophila by affinity chromatography , and the peptide sequence was determined for part of the protein .
The radioresistant N10 and parental KB cell lines were examined for the expression of human DNA repair genes which were related to the repair of radiation - induced DNA damage by northern blot analysis using five kinds of DNA probes ( XRCC1 , XRCC3 , XRCC5 , RAD51 , RAD52 ) .
The PRT1 , TIF34 , GCD10 , and SUI1 proteins of Saccharomyces cerevisiae were found previously to copurify with eukaryotic translation initiation factor 3 ( eIF3 ) activity .
Exposure of the cells to tumor promoter did , however , result in a loss of actin and talin - rich cell surface elaborations that resemble focal contact precursor structures .
Purification of a cortical complex containing two unconventional actins from Acanthamoeba by affinity chromatography on profilin - agarose .
The structure of Ykt6pN differed entirely from that of syntaxin and resembled the overall fold of the actin regulatory protein , profilin .
This is the first report describing the coexistence of profilin with actin filaments in the division furrow , implying the possible involvement of profilin in assembly and disassembly of contractile ring microfilaments in the process of cytokinesis .
Monoclonal antibodies recognizing the N - and C - terminal regions of talin disrupt actin stress fibers when microinjected into human fibroblasts .
SDS - PAGE analysis of growth cone cytoskeletons revealed the presence of several major bands , identified by their mobility as actin ( 43 kDa Mr ) , myosin heavy chain ( 195 kDa Mr ) , spectrin ( 235 and 240 kDa Mr ) , and tubulin ( 51 - 54 kDa Mr ) .
Here , we have detected a polypeptide in rat rod outer segments that is recognized by myosin heavy chain antibodies and was found to possess other characteristics of conventional non - muscle myosin heavy chain : it comigrates in SDS - PAGE with non - muscle myosin heavy chain ; it associates with the cytoskeleton of rod outer segments in an ATP - sensitive manner ; and it binds to purified actin filaments in the absence of ATP .
These results suggest that the dysfunction of E - cadherin in these cell lines is due primarily to its failure to interact with alpha - catenin , and that this defect results from the mutation in beta - catenin .
The herpes simplex virus type 1 ( HSV - 1 ) helicase - primase , an essential component of the viral DNA replication machinery , is a trimeric complex of the virus - coded UL5 , UL8 , and UL52 proteins .
BACKGROUND : p27 ( Kip1 ) , a cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor , negatively regulates the G1 phase progression of the cell cycle by binding to the cyclin E / cyclin - dependent kinase 2 complex .
We show here that the phenotype of ts cut2 - 364 is highly similar to that of cut1 and that the functions of the gene products of cut1 + and cut2 + are closely interrelated .
Here , we sought to determine the spatial distributions of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and plakoglobin , and whether different complexes of these proteins accumulate at steady state in polarized Madin - Darby canine kidney cells .
The C - terminal of TRADD comprises the " death domain " that is responsible for association of TNFR1 and other death domain - containing proteins such as FADD and RIP .
Calorimetric data show ternary complex formation between talin , vinculin , and actin .
The enzyme showed hardly any activity below 50 degrees C but considerable activity at around 60 degrees C against myofibrils , digesting myosin heavy chain , actin and tropomyosin .
WASp contains a binding motif for the Rho GTPase CDC42Hs as well as verprolin / cofilin - like actin - regulatory domains , but no specific actin structure regulated by CDC42Hs - WASp has been identified .
The recombinant material is similar to authentic human platelet profilin based on the measured Kd for rabbit skeletal muscle actin .
Analysis of this product by peptide mapping ( Sutoh ( 1982 ) Biochemistry 21 , 3654 - 3661 ) showed that cofilin was cross - linked with the N - terminal segment of actin containing residues 1 - 12 .
Biopsies taken prior to NAC and operative specimens were subjected to immunohistochemical ( IHC ) staining for alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , E - cadherin , and CD44 isoform 6 ( CD44v6 ) , to uncover the role of adhesion molecules as determinants of the response to NAC and disease outcome .
Unlike fimbrin , L - plastin ' s actin - bundling action was strictly calcium - dependent : the bundles were formed at pCa 7 , but not at pCa 6 .
However , upon treatment with DMSO , cytoplasmic actin filaments were disrupted and intranuclear rod structures containing cofilin and actin were apparently larger and thicker in cells overexpressing cofilin than in normal cells .
The deduced peptide sequence contained a nuclear localization signal and a putative actin - binding sequence as reported in NM - type cofilin .
In Acanthamoeba , the two isoforms of profilin may have specialized functions on the basis of their identical ( approximately 10 microM ) affinities for actin monomers and different affinities for PIP2 .
Quantitation of the appearance of X22 banding in primary cultures of myotubes indicates that it precedes that of other myofibrillar proteins and that assembly takes place in the following order : X22 , titin , myosin heavy chain , actin , and desmin .
The sequence of the inhibitory region is similar to that of a beta - hairpin region of the actin - binding protein profilin .
CONCLUSIONS : These results suggest the cooperative modulation of the actin cytoskeleton by cofilin and Aip1 .
We used yeast as a model to test this hypothesis and found that chromosome deletion of any known nuclear mitotic mismatch repair genes , including MLH1 , MSH2 , MSH3 , MSH6 , and PMS1 , did not rescue mgt1delta O6 MeG DNA repair methyltransferase - deficient cells from killing by MNNG .
Immunofluorescence staining of a wild - type strain using anti - Aip1 antibodies revealed that Aip1 was distributed in cortical actin patches where cofilin was also co - localized .
We describe the localization of cadherin - 11 and N - cadherin along the cell margins of mouse osteoblast - like cells , the colocalization of " pancadherin " with alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , p120 , and vinculin , and the association of these complexes with the actin microfilaments .
These results suggest that the heptapeptide sequence is specific for the interaction with actin and , therefore , may constitute part of the actin - binding domain of cofilin .
Immunoreactivity for pan - cadherin , E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and p120 was observed in all 15 specimens .
The structural homology between cofilin and gelsolin segment - 1 binding to actin was confirmed experimentally by two types of competitive binding assays .
The ratios actin mRNA : 18S RNA and fast myosin heavy chain mRNA : 18S RNA were unaffected by clenbuterol .
In this work we report that the Saccharomyces cerevisiae RAD9 , RAD24 , RAD17 , MEC1 , MEC3 and RAD53 checkpoint genes are required for efficient non - homologous end joining ( NHEJ ) .
Additional studies demonstrated the gamma - catenin distribution to be remarkably similar to that of beta - catenin , whereas alpha - catenin staining was more diffuse in the cytoplasm of airway epithelial and gland bud cells .
While levels of most of these proteins decrease , accumulation of cyclin D1 and the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p21 Cip1 / WAF1 is observed .
To approach the problem , we have constructed a carp genomic library and isolated 28 nonoverlapping clones containing sequences of different myosin heavy chain ( MHC ) isoforms along with a clone containing carp actin sequences .
Reduced or absent immunoreactivity in the tumour tissue was seen in 63 ( 70 . 0 per cent ) for alpha - catenin , in 50 ( 55 . 6 per cent ) for beta - catenin , and in 50 ( 55 . 6 per cent ) for gamma - catenin .
The interactions of the UL52 protein with the UL8 and UL5 proteins were analysed by using the yeast two - hybrid system .
Detection of a sequence involved in actin - binding and phosphoinositide - binding in the N - terminal side of cofilin .
Immunohistochemical investigation of actin - anchoring proteins vinculin , talin and paxillin in rat brain following lesion : a moderate reaction , confined to the astroglia of brain tracts .
YACs containing color vision red pigment gene DNA or 1 . 5 rDNA tandem repeat units were transformed into hosts bearing lesions at the RAD1 , RAD6 , RAD51 , or RAD52 loci .
The results indicate that S . cerevisiae has two pathways of MSH2 - dependent mismatch repair : one that recognized single - base mispairs and requires MSH2 and MSH6 , and a second that recognizes insertion / deletion mispairs and requires a combination of either MSH2 and MSH6 or MSH2 and MSH3 .
We also analysed NHEJ in other DNA damage response mutants and showed that the checkpoint mutant rad3 - d and two recombination mutants defective in rhp51 and rhp54 ( homologues of S . cerevisiae RAD51 and RAD54 , respectively ) are not affected .
However , regulation of profilin function is generally unknown and controversy exists regarding profilin effects on actin polymerization .
Glutathione S - transferase pull - down performed with Tax deletion mutants and peptide competition have localized the site in Tax critical for binding CBP / p300 to a highly protease - sensitive region around amino acid residues 81 to 95 ( 81QRTSKTLKVLTPPIT95 ) which lies between the domains previously proposed to be important for CREB binding and Tax subunit dimerization .
The Pro1176 to Thr substitution found in talin from Wistar - Furth rats does not destroy the capacity of this region of the protein to bind actin or vinculin .
After digestion of the 60 kDa fragment with cyanogen bromide , the N - terminal 21 - amino acid sequence of one of the resulting peptides was found to show sequence similarity to a region near the actin - binding site ( amino acid residues 260 - 281 ) of yeast fimbrin .
This shows that structural changes in the poly ( L - proline ) - binding region of profilin can affect the distantly located actin - binding site .
Double mutants containing N - terminal domain deletions of both histone H3 and histone H4 were inviable .
In order to help explain the apparent beneficial effects of cyclin D1 over - expression , a number of closely associated cell cycle proteins have also been evaluated , including the cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor p27 , which blocks the activating effects of cyclin D1 .
The binding surfaces for segment 1 and profilin are different , although they peripherally overlap on actin .
The cadherin - associated proteins , alpha - catenin and beta - catenin , were present in both mesotheliomas and adenocarcinomas .
Fluorescent actin analogs with a high affinity for profilin in vitro exhibit an enhanced gradient of assembly in living cells .
How profilin promotes actin filament assembly in the presence of thymosin beta 4 .
Consistent with the observation that beta - catenin and plakoglobin bind to the same region of alpha - catenin , beta - catenin competed with the binding of plakoglobin to alpha - catenin and vice versa .
Profilin I and profilin II have similar affinities for PtdIns ( 4 , 5 ) P2 and poly ( L - proline ) , and both accelerate nucleotide exchange on monomeric actin to the same extent .
Both types of beads induced the recruitment of N - cadherin , beta - catenin , alpha - catenin and p120 , by lateral mobilization of preexisting cell membrane complexes .
Data is presented to suggest that the G1 cyclin D1 and the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p27KIP1 may be involved in subversion of the G1 / S traverse by signaling pathways activated by HER - 2 function .
Biochemical analyses revealed a strong induction of VEGF - receptor - 2 ( flk - 1 / KDR ) tyrosine - autophosphorylation by VEGF which was maximal after 5 minutes and was followed by receptor downregulation .
We have cloned a Saccharomyces cerevisiae gene ( COF1 ) encoding a low - M ( r ) actin - binding protein of 143 amino acid ( aa ) residues ( yeast cofilin ; Cof ) ; its aa sequence is 35 % identical to porcine Cof .
Lethality of the srs2Delta rad54Delta and srs2Delta rdh54Delta double mutants can also be rescued by mutations in the DNA damage checkpoint functions RAD9 , RAD17 , RAD24 , and MEC3 , indicating that the srs2 rad54 and srs2 rdh54 mutant combinations lead to an intermediate that is sensed by these checkpoint functions .
Furthermore , the deletion of SJL1 suppresses the temperature - sensitive growth defect of sac6 , a mutant in yeast fimbrin , supporting a role for synaptojanin family members in actin function .
The interaction of a mouse monoclonal antibody ( 4A6 ) and birch profilin , a structurally well conserved actin - and phosphoinositide - binding protein and cross - reactive allergen , was characterized .
The inhibitory effects of rapamycin on bombesin - stimulated cell cycle progression did not involve accumulation of the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p27 ( kip1 ) but a striking inhibition of the expression of cyclin D1 .
The present study was designed to determine if cholesterol feeding results in alterations in the isoforms of actin and / or myosin heavy chain in gallbladder smooth muscle .
CV - 1 cells were transfected with cloned genes from wild - type HPIV - 3 encoding the large protein ( L ) , phosphoprotein ( P ) , and nucleocapsid protein ( NP ) , alone or together , for the expression of biologically active proteins .
We find that profilin contributes in several ways to Cdc42 - induced nucleation of actin filaments in high speed supernatant of lysed neutrophils .
Characterization of actin and poly - L - proline binding sites of Acanthamoeba profilin with monoclonal antibodies and by mutagenesis .
Tyrosine phosphorylation of beta - catenin was concomitantly induced with association of beta - catenin with EGF receptor ( EGFR ) when quiescent cells at confluence were dissociated into single cells by tryptic digestion , being accompanied by dissociation of alpha - catenin from E - cadherin .
To determine whether alpha 1 - adrenergic stimulation produced similar effects on the turnover of myofibrillar proteins , rates of synthesis and degradation were estimated for a myofibrillar - enriched protein fraction and for myosin heavy chain and actin .
From these observations it is concluded that ( i ) RAD52 is required for high levels of both gene conversions and reciprocal crossovers , ( ii ) that RAD51 is not required for intrachromosomal crossovers , and ( iii ) that RAD51 and RAD52 have different functions , or that RAD52 has functions in addition to those of the Rad51 / Rad52 protein complex .
SNF11 , a new component of the yeast SNF - SWI complex that interacts with a conserved region of SNF2 .
CD26 is a T cell activation antigen that contains dipeptidyl peptidase IV activity and is known to bind adenosine deaminase .
Kinetic measurements indicate that profilin binding to actin weakens the affinity of actin for nucleotides primarily due to an increased nucleotide dissociation rate constant , but the nucleotide association rate constant is also increased about 2 - fold .
At least one element of the actin - binding region of human profilin is an alpha - helix .
The Saccharomyces cerevisiae RAD51 and RAD54 genes are both required for the occurrence of homologous recombination and for the repair of double - stranded DNA breaks .
Inhibition of 12P - CRE binding was also observed in the presence of an antibody to CREB - binding protein ( 265 - kDa CBP ) , an integrator and coactivator of cAMP - responsive genes .
Our in vitro recombinant protein - protein interaction studies demonstrated that Stat1 could directly interact with TNFR1 and TRADD but not with FADD .
In contrast to the model of actin binding proposed for fimbrin , the utrophin actin - binding domain appears to associate with actin in an extended conformation .
Thrombin , within seconds , caused quantitative conversion of platelet profilin and gelsolin to high - affinity complexes with actin , but these complexes were not present 5 min after stimulation .
Cadherins are essential for embryonic morphogenesis since they mediate calcium - dependent cell - cell adhesion and can modulate beta - catenin signaling .
An atomic model of actin filaments cross - linked by fimbrin and its implications for bundle assembly and function .
The vaccinia virus E3L gene product , pE3 , is a dsRNA binding protein that prevents activation of the interferon - induced , dsRNA - activated protein kinase , PKR .
We have characterized the interaction and nuclear localization of the nucleocapsid ( N ) protein and phosphoprotein ( P ) of sonchus yellow net nucleorhabdovirus .
In viscometric assays , the birch protein was seen to modulate actin filament formation analogous to animal profilin .
sNRP1 is secreted by cells as a 90 - kDa protein that binds VEGF ( 165 ) , but not VEGF ( 121 ) .
This study details the expression patterns of alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and gamma - catenin , during definition of the cardiac cell population as distinct compartments in the anterior regions of the chick embryo between stages 5 and 9 .
beta - Catenin may also function in signalling pathways , given its homology to the gene product of the Drosophila segment polarity gene armadillo , which is known to be involved in the wingless signalling cascade .
The qualitative changes involve differential expression of multigene families of contractile proteins , especially myosin heavy chain ( MHC ) and actin .
NLS - less S . cerevisiae proteins include both RAD51 and RAD52 that function in the recombination and in the repair of double - strand breaks as well as the RAD23 and HRR25 molecules .
In this actin clustering , profilin , a monomeric actin - binding protein that has been suggested to be involved in actin polymerization , was shown to be essential .
We previously showed that actin is transported in an unassembled form with its associated proteins actin depolymerizing factor , cofilin , and profilin .
In cancerous tissues , the frequency of reduced expression of beta - catenin ( 28 of 86 , 33 % ) was similar to that of E - cadherin ( 19 of 86 , 22 % ) , but less than that of alpha - catenin ( 47 of 86 , 55 % ) .
CONCLUSIONS : The expression of alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and gamma - catenin is related to histological type and differentiation in NSCLC , although catenins have no independent prognostic value .
The E - cadherin - associated proteins alpha - catenin and beta - catenin were not significantly affected by treatment with TPA .
The truncated cofilin molecules produced in E . coli were purified and examined for their actin - binding and PIP2 - binding ability .
Cells lacking talin , a protein which in many mammalian cell types is a constituent of focal complexes that link the actin cytoskeleton to the plasma membrane , are strongly impaired in adhesion to external surfaces .
These findings suggest that this novel RhoGAP is involved in the Rho signalling pathway , probably downstream of Rho activation , and mediates the stimulation of PLC - delta , which leads to actin - related cytoskeletal changes through the hydrolysis of PIP2 , which binds to actin binding proteins such as gelsolin and profilin .
Modifying preselected sites on proteins : the stretch of residues 633 - 642 of the myosin heavy chain is part of the actin - binding site .
There are only 14 non - conservative substitutions in the two myosin heavy chains , three of which are located in the secondary actin - binding loop and flanking regions and others correspond to residues so far not assigned a functional role , including two residues in the proximal S2 domain .
The genes considered are those for 5S , 5 . 8S and 18S rRNA , actin I , profilins Ia / b and II , myosins IB , IC and II , and calmodulin .
Between day 1 and day 3 in culture , the specific synthetic activities of total proteins and of electrophoretically purified myosin heavy chain and actin ( [ 14C ] phenylalanine incorporation into protein , in disintegrations per minute per microgram protein ) decreased ( - 19 % , - 32 % , and - 73 % , respectively ) .
The prominent 125 A transverse stripping pattern characteristic of the actin cross - bridges in a bundle is also absent in hair borders suggesting fimbrin as the component that gives rise to the transverse stripes .
We conclude that germ - line involvement of MSH6 and MSH3 is rare and that other genes are likely to account for a majority of MSH2 - , MLH1 - mutation negative families with nonpolypotic colon cancer .
For example , it is associated with alpha - catenin and beta - catenin ( Armadillo ) , and protected from trypsin digestion only in the presence of Ca2 + , as is the case for many of classic cadherins .
When barbed ends are capped , profilin simply sequesters globular actin .
MAb 0811 was shown to recognize the UL8 protein in both Western blots and immunoprecipitation assays and to co - precipitate the other two proteins in the complex from insect cells triply infected with recombinants expressing the UL5 , UL8 and UL52 polypeptides .
The apparent critical concentration for polymerization of actin is increased by the addition of profilin .
The proximity of these sites to the actin binding site provides an explanation for the competition between actin and lipids for binding profilin .
MATERIALS AND METHODS : A mutation in the myosin heavy chain ( Myh ) predicted to interfere strongly with myosin ' s binding to actin was designed and used to create an animal model for HCM .
Only the unphosphorylated form of cofilin is an active form that binds actin , whereas the regulatory mechanisms of cofilin have not been elucidated .
Spontaneous and mitomycin C - induced SCE levels were significantly reduced for chicken DT40 B cells lacking the key HR genes RAD51 and RAD54 but not for nonhomologous DNA end - joining ( NHEJ ) - defective KU70 ( - / - ) cells .
This process involves other actin - binding proteins , such as cofilin and coronin .
These results demonstrate that cofilin plays a crucial role in vivo in rapid remodeling of the cortical actin meshwork into bundles .
At the light microscope level , brush cells can be identified by antibodies against the actin filament crosslinking proteins villin and fimbrin that not only stain the apical tuft of microvilli and their rootlets , but also label projections emanating from the basolateral surface of these cells .
Generation of these membrane microparticles was dependent on the presence of extracellular calcium and was accompanied by proteolytic degradation of the cytoskeletal proteins , actin binding protein ( ABP ) , talin , and myosin heavy chain .
Here , we describe proline - rich proteins involved in regulating actin polymerization and classify them according to their role in recruiting profilin to the membrane .
The binding of 125I - labeled recombinant birch pollen profilin to plant and animal actins can be blocked by profilin - specific antibodies that react with different epitopes of birch profilin .
Developmental changes in actin and myosin heavy chain isoform expression in smooth muscle .
Myo2p shows homology to the head domains and the coiledcoil tail of the conventional type II myosin heavy chain and carries putative binding sites for ATP and actin .
This model includes two different Kd ' s - - one for profilin bound to actin monomers and one for profilin bound to an actin molecule at the barbed end of a filament .
In vitro studies indicated that suramin completely blocked PDGF receptor activation or phosphorylation stimulated by PDGF - AB , inhibited activation of mitogen - activated protein kinase ( ERK ) kinases ( MEK1 / 2 ) and ERK1 / 2 , and abrogated transcription factor AP - 1 DNA - binding activity .
The predicted sequence of AtFim1 shares ca . 40 % identity with nonplant fimbrins and contains two tandem repeats , each possessing a 27 amino acid region identified as a putative actin - binding domain in fimbrins and in a larger family of actin cross - linking proteins .
Demembranated stereociliary cores consisted primarily of protein bands corresponding to actin and fimbrin and several proteins ranging from 43 to 63 kDa .
Isolation of human skeletal muscle myosin heavy chain and actin for measurement of fractional synthesis rates .
Depending on the nature of the divalent cation , recombinant plant ( birch ) profilin exhibited two different modes of interaction with actin , like mammalian profilin .
The presence of filamin in the cleavage furrows also suggests the possibility of an overlapping mechanism in addition to that of a talin mediated mechanism for the attachment of actin filaments to the cell surfaces in the cleavage furrow .
We report here that tropomyosin , which is found in the rootlet but not in the microvillus core , can bind to and saturate the actin of isolated cores , and can cause the dissociation of up to 30 % of the villin and fimbrin from the cores but does not affect actin binding by 110 - kD calmodulin .
The affinity of ZmPRO4 for monomeric actin , which was measured by two independent methods , is similar to that of the three profilin isoforms previously identified in pollen .
alpha - catenin inhibits beta - catenin signaling by preventing formation of a beta - catenin * T - cell factor * DNA complex .
From these we have isolated eight viable and lethal alleles of the muscle myosin heavy chain gene , and seven viable alleles of the indirect flight muscle ( IFM ) - specific Act88F actin gene .
As expected , C / ATF was found to interact with three domains of CBP including CREB binding domain or kinase - inducible interaction ( KIX ) domain , the third cysteine - histidine - rich region ( CH3 domain ) and the nuclear receptor coactivator p160 / SRC - 1 - interacting domain .
Discrete segments ( 70 - 150 amino acids ) of PRT1 and TIF35 were found to be responsible for their binding to TIF34 .
In addition , we also provide new evidence to suggest that HRG stimulation of the EF - 1alpha promoter involves increased physical interactions with acetylated histone H3 and histone H4 .
In vitro , actin purified from some of these mutants is defective in polymerization or binding fimbrin .
The activation of the c - Raf - 1 - BxB - ER protein leads to an accumulation of high levels of cyclin D1 protein and a repression of the p27Kip1 cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor under all culture conditions tested .
The interactions of yeast and human platelet profilins with rabbit skeletal muscle actin were characterized by titration microcalorimetry , fluorescence titrations , and nucleotide exchange kinetics .
Recent evidence that profilin inhibits phospholipase C and enhances nucleotide exchange of actin has led some to question whether profilin is ever truly an actin monomer sequestering agent .
Loss of memberanous expression of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin and beta - catenin was demonstrated in 52 % , 85 % and 40 % of tumours respectively .
Expression of c - Myc or cyclin D1 was sufficient to activate cyclin E - Cdk2 by promoting the formation of high - molecular - weight complexes lacking the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p21 , as has been described , following estrogen treatment .
By site - directed mutagenesis of profilin II from Dictyostelium discoideum the point mutations K114E and W3N were generated by PCR thus changing actin and poly - ( L ) - proline - binding activity respectively .
In contrast to the Apc ( Min / + ) enterocytes , Apc ( Min / - ) adenomas displayed increased expression and association of E - cadherin , beta - catenin , and alpha - catenin relative to Apc ( + / + ) controls .
The monomeric actin - binding protein , profilin , is a key regulator of actin - filament dynamics in animal cells and it has recently been identified in plants as a pollen allergen .
This effect is specific to profilin and gelsolin because other cytoskeletal proteins such as tau or actin do not affect PI 3 - kinase activity .
Like actin , the actin - associated proteins filamin , talin and the beta 1 integrin subunit were also found to accumulate around entering bacteria .
The recombinant material is similar to authentic profilin from Acanthamoeba - based on fluorescence monitored urea denaturation , circular dichroism , actin - nucleotide exchange rate and the Kd for rabbit skeletal actin .
These studies suggest that profilin and gelsolin may control the generation of 3 - OH phosphorylated phosphoinositides , which in turn may regulate the actin polymerization .
These findings reveal striking differences between S . cerevisiae and vertebrates in the functions of RAD51 and RAD52 .
By indirect immunofluorescence , both R . rickettsii and Listeria monocytogenes actin tails were shown to contain the cytoskeletal proteins vasodilator - stimulated phosphoprotein profilin , vinculin , and filamin .
The aim of our study on human seminiferous tubules of adolescent testes was to study the localization of two actin - associated proteins of the adherens junctions , such as vinculin and talin , and to verify if there were modifications in their pattern in varicocele , a frequent disease of the testis in adolescent age .
MC159 and E8 inhibited both TNFR - 1 - and CD - 95 - induced apoptosis as well as killing mediated by overexpression of the downstream adaptors TRADD and FADD .
Neuropilin - 1 is also expressed in endothelial cells and shown to bind vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) , a potent regulator for vasculogenesis and angiogenesis .
The ability of these three mutant UL5 proteins to form specific interactions with other members of the helicase - primase complex , UL8 and UL52 , indicates that the functional domains required for replication activity of UL5 are separable from domains responsible for protein - protein interactions .
Electrical stimulation of cardiocyte contraction did not enhance alpha - cardiac actin or myosin heavy chain ( alpha + beta ) mRNA transcript levels relative to 28S rRNA during the period of rapid growth that occurred over the first 48 hours .
In most cases , ADF and cofilin colocalized in the same nuclear actin rods , but ADF appeared to predominate in mononucleated cells , while cofilin was present in multinucleated myotubes .
The sites on the myosin heavy chain that interact with actin and are responsible for force generation are ill - defined : crosslinking and experiments with isolated domains of the myosin head implicate regions in both the 50K and 20K ( molecular weights in thousands ) domains of the myosin head ( subfragment 1 , S1 ) in this process .
As a consequence , in the presence of thymosin beta 4 ( T beta 4 ) , low amounts of profilin promote extensive actin assembly off of the pool of actin - T beta 4 complex .
Genetic analysis suggested that this phenotype was due to msh6 - F337A sequestering MSH2 and preventing it from interacting with MSH3 and MSH6 .
In this study , profilin is identified as an actin - binding protein in higher plants which is present in monocot and dicot angiosperms .
The cytoplasmic domain of E - cadherin cannot directly associate with alpha - catenin but interacts with high affinity with beta - catenin , whereas the binding of gamma - catenin ( plakoglobin ) to E - cadherin is less efficient .
Studies on the interaction between actin and cofilin purified by a new method .
Mutations in BUD3 , BUD4 , and AXL1 cause a and alpha cells to exhibit the bipolar pattern , indicating that these genes are necessary to specify the axial budding pattern ( Chant , J . , and I . Herskowitz . 1991 . Cell . 65 : 1203 - 1212 ; Fujita , A . , C . Oka , Y . Arikawa , T . Katagi , A . Tonouchi , S . Kuhara , and Y . Misumi . 1994 . Nature ( Lond . ) . 372 : 567 - 570 ) .
Here we use physical monitoring of DNA to show that MAT switching is completely blocked at an early step in recombination in strains deleted for the DNA repair genes RAD51 , RAD52 , RAD54 , RAD55 or RAD57 .
To study profilin function , we extensively mutagenized the Saccharomyces cerevisiae profilin gene ( PFY1 ) and examined the consequences of specific point mutations on growth and actin organization .
The most significant finding was the re - expression of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , and beta - catenin , and increased down - regulation of gamma - catenin , in metastatic lesions .
CONCLUSION : The results show that Munc - 18 - 2 and syntaxin 3 form a complex in vivo and suggest that they participate in epithelial cell differentiation and targeted vesicle transport processes in the developing kidney .
Under all conditions , platelets retained 40 - 50 % of their total actin and greater than 70 % of their actin - binding protein ( ABP ) but lost greater than 80 % of talin and myosin to the supernatant .
p130 and pRb were phosphorylated before the infected myotubes entered S phase , despite the high expression of the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p21 , and E2F was released .
Inhibition of the interactions of cofilin , destrin , and deoxyribonuclease I with actin by phosphoinositides .
To clarify the relation between alteration of expression of cell adhesion molecules and progression of extrahepatic bile duct carcinomas 55 cases were immunohistochemically examined for E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and CD44 , with additional reverse transcription - polymerase chain reaction and Southern blotting hybridization ( RT - PCR / SBH ) assays .
Single - headed myosin , which consists of a full length myosin heavy chain and a tagged tail , was isolated on the basis of the affinities for Nickel agarose and actin .
Production of PIP and PIP2 may be important downstream signals since these polyphosphoinositides are able to regulate the interaction of gelsolin and profilin with actin .
The cellular concentrations and binding characteristics of these molecules are consistent with profilin being a negative regulator of the phosphoinositide signaling pathway in addition to its established function as an inhibitor of actin polymerization .
We believe that this complex may mediate the cortical functions of profilin at actin patches in S . pombe .
We found that the 34 - and 45 - kDa polypeptides encoded by vaccinia virus ORFs A8R and A23R , respectively , were necessary to reconstitute transcription of a template with an intermediate stage promoter .
The findings suggest that M1 muscarinic receptors are involved in muscarinic receptor - mediated enhancement of IL - 2 production in Jurkat cells and that the transcription factor AP - 1 and pathways via mitogen - activated protein kinase ( MAPK ) / extracellular signal regulated protein kinase and c - Jun N - terminal kinase , but not via p38 MAPK , may be involved in the muscarinic receptor - mediated enhancement of IL - 2 production .
These results emphasize the highly conserved biological function of profilins with low sequence homology , and correlate specifically their actin - binding capacity with cell motility and proliferation .
In search for genes which might participate in chicken immunoglobulin gene conversion , we have identified chicken counterparts of the yeast RAD51 , RAD52 , and RAD54 genes .
Thus , alpha - syntrophin has an important role in synapse formation and in the organization of utrophin , acetylcholine receptor , and acetylcholinesterase at the neuromuscular synapse .
These proteins each have a verprolin - homology ( V ) domain , cofilin - homology ( C ) domain and an acidic ( A ) region at the C - terminus , through which they activate the Arp2 / 3 complex , leading to rapid actin polymerization .
In extracts from mouse brain , profilin I and profilin II can form complexes with regulators of endocytosis , synaptic vesicle recycling and actin assembly .
Using the known three - dimensional structure of the homologous actin - binding domain of fimbrin , these results have enabled us to determine the likely orientation of the utrophin actin - binding domain with respect to the actin filament .
RAD51 , RAD52 , and RAD54 encode proteins that are critical to the repair of double - strand DNA breaks by homologous recombination .
The viscoelasticity of entangled actin networks : the influence of defects and modulation by talin and vinculin .
PMS2 is one of a complex of genes encoding DNA repair proteins that includes MSH2 , MLH1 , MSH6 and MSH3 .
The quantity of the complex is reduced by treatment of Caco - 2 cells with the alkylating agent N - ethylmaleimide which also has an inhibitory effect on the ability of Munc - 18 - 2 to associate with syntaxin 3 in vitro .
The expression of APC , alpha - catenin and beta - catenin also was decreased in HT29 cells , with a translocation of APC into the nucleus .
Thus , poly - L - proline binding , actin binding , and actin nucleotide exchange are each independent requirements for profilin function in fission yeast .
Motile areas of leech neurites are rich in microfilaments and two actin - binding proteins : gelsolin and profilin .
We find that heterozygotes for actin ( Act88F ) or myosin heavy chain ( Mhc36B ) null alleles have complex myofibrillar defects , whereas Mhc36B - / + ; Act88F - / + double heterozygotes have nearly normal myofibrils .
The p120cas gene encodes a protein tyrosine kinase substrate that associates with the cell - cell adhesion protein complex containing E - cadherin and its cytoplasmic cofactors alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and plakoglobin .
In resting leukocytes , beta2 integrins are constitutively linked to the actin cytoskeleton via the protein talin .
While parallel actin bundles crossing the cells are virtually absent in cells overexpressing profilin , the submembranous actin network of these cells is denser than in control cells .
These observations demonstrate that cardiac development in man , in contrast to rodent heart , is characterized by an up - regulation of the skeletal actin gene , the expression of which does not change in hypertrophied and failing hearts , and suggest that the actin and myosin heavy chain families are independently regulated in human heart .
Linkage between cancer susceptibility and the candidate DNA mismatch repair genes MLH1 , MSH2 , MSH3 , and MSH6 ( GTBP ) was investigated .
In the presence of magnesium ions birch profilin promoted the polymerization of actin from A : Tbeta4 .
The potentiating effect of insulin appears to involve increases in the expression of cyclin E and decreases in the expression of the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p27 ( Kip1 ) .
Hypertonicity provoked Fyn - dependent tyrosine phosphorylation in beta - catenin , alpha - catenin , and p120 ( Cas ) and caused the dissociation of beta - catenin from the contacts .
Two actin binding proteins , actin depolymerizing factor and cofilin , are associated with Hirano bodies .
A distinct modulating domain in glucocorticoid receptor monomers in the repression of activity of the transcription factor AP - 1 .
The common denominator is impaired beta - catenin association with either E - cadherin ( PaTuII ) or alpha - catenin ( BxPc3 and T3M4 ) .
Chick embryo fibroblasts contain about 75 - 100 microM unpolymerized actin and at least four proteins which can bind actin monomers , actin depolymerizing factor ( ADF ) , gelsolin , profilin , and thymosin beta4 ( Tbeta4 ) .
Interactions of ADF / cofilin , Arp2 / 3 complex , capping protein and profilin in remodeling of branched actin filament networks .
However , some proteins ( e . g . , profilin ) and other agents ( e . g . , cytochalasin D ) that bind to actin are affected by the presence of fluorescent labels , making actin intrinsic fluorescence potentially useful in investigating the interaction of these agents with actin , and in validating data obtained using labeled actin .
A core activity associated with the N terminus of the yeast RAD52 protein is revealed by RAD51 overexpression suppression of C - terminal rad52 truncation alleles .
The domains in CBP that are involved in CREB binding and transcriptional activation are highly related to the adenoviral E1A - associated cellular protein p300 ( refs 2 , 3 ) , and to two hypothetical proteins from Caenorhabditis elegans , R10E11 . 1 and K03H1 . 10 ( refs 4 and 5 , respectively ) , whose functions are unknown .
Mutations in RVS161 and RVS167 , the two yeast amphiphysin homologs , cause very similar growth phenotypes , a depolarized actin cytoskeleton , and a defect in the internalization step of endocytosis .
Fusiform RPE , however , were not deficient in these proteins , expressing amounts of N - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , plakoglobin , p120 , alpha - actinin and vinculin that were equivalent to epithelioid cells .
Like the spectrin alpha - chain , the major central part of the spectrin beta - chain is made up of repeat units of 106 amino - acids .
The actin bundle formation induced by overexpression of cofilin is accompanied with an increase in cell motility of Dictyostelium cells . 4 .
In this study we have used the yeast two - hybrid system to map the domains on alpha - catenin that allow it to associate with beta - catenin / plakoglobin and with alpha - actinin .
Requirement of the yeast MSH3 and MSH6 genes for MSH2 - dependent genomic stability .
These findings suggest a role of cofilin in stimulus - dependent actin remodeling in motile neutrophils .
Analysis of V3 , a hamster equivalent of SCID , indicates that the protein level increases of RAD51 and RAD52 from G0 to G1 / S / G2 do not require DNA - PK .
Active , Ser133 - phosphorylated CREB effects transcription of CRE - dependent genes via interaction with the 265 - kDa co - activator protein CREB - binding - protein , CBP , which bridges the CRE / CREB complex to components of the basal transcriptional apparatus .
In growth cones , myosin heavy chain B was most concentrated in the margin bordering the thickened , organelle - rich central region and the thin , actin - rich peripheral region .
The adventitial tissue underlying PTCA - induced lesions temporarily expressed alpha - SM actin , desmin , and SM myosin heavy chain isoforms , but not smoothelin .
However , there were no changes in the expression of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , and beta - catenin .
Human platelets contain profilin , a potential regulator of actin polymerisability .
We attribute the detection of actin and profilin to the applied cryomethods which yield a much better preservation of ultrastructure and antigenicity of delicate cytoskeletal constituents than conventional fixation techniques .
Unexpectedly , treatment with the actin - depolymerizing drug latrunculin - A disrupted the medial region targeting pattern , and cells deficient in the actin - binding proteins tropomyosin and profilin also did not exhibit medial GFP - Cdc42p staining .
This result was supported by a high protein expression of the cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p16 in 44 % of the tumours with high cyclin E and low D1 expression , and all immunohistochemical pRB defect tumours showed a high p16 protein level .
These results suggest that TNF - alpha can cause apoptosis in pancreatic beta cells through TNFR1 - linked apoptotic factors , TRADD , FADD , and FLICE , and TNF - induced ceramide production may be involved in the pathways .
These results indicate that phosphorylation of LIM - kinase by ROCK and consequently increased phosphorylation of cofilin by LIM - kinase contribute to Rho - induced reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton .
The resulting profilin II - peptide complex overcomes the combined capacity of thymosin beta4 and profilin II to inhibit actin nucleation and restores the extent of filament formation .
The ordered assembly of the talin homologue together with actin and a series of other proteins is considered to play a key role in chemotactic orientation .
Of the five major structural proteins of MV , only nucleocapsid ( N ) protein and phosphoprotein ( P protein ) were consistently detected in diseased brain areas .
The gel point assay using an actin cross - linking protein and the nucleation assay also suggested that cofilin shortens the actin filaments and hence increases the filament number .
Here , specific interactions between human RAD51 and RAD52 proteins are demonstrated both in vivo , using the yeast two - hybrid system and immunoprecipitation of insect cells co - infected with RAD51 and RAD52 recombinant viruses , and in vitro , using affinity chromatography with purified recombinant proteins .
The drastic effects of the exogenous cofilin on actin assembly were suppressed by phosphatidylinositol 4 , 5 - bisphosphate ( PIP2 ) .
Using these methods , we confirm previous reports that intact talin induces cross - linking as well as filament shortening on actin networks .
Mutants of cdc3 and cdc8 , which encode profilin and tropomyosin respectively , display disorganized actin patches in all cells .
Here , we designed a genetic screen for mutant strains defective for filamentous growth ( dfg ) to identify novel targets of the filamentation signaling pathway , and we thereby identified 16 different genes , CDC39 , STE12 , TEC1 , WHI3 , NAB1 , DBR1 , CDC55 , SRV2 , TPM1 , SPA2 , BNI1 , DFG5 , DFG9 , DFG10 , BUD8 and DFG16 , mutations that block filamentous growth .
These separately encoded a complete HPIV3 genome ( negative - sense ) , the HPIV3 nucleocapsid protein N , the phosphoprotein P , and the polymerase protein L .
Confluent calf pulmonary artery endothelial monolayers exposed to 95 % oxygen for 1 , 2 , or 3 days exhibit a time - dependent increase in adherence to substratum , which closely parallels changes in actin cytoarchitecture and the distribution of focal contact proteins vinculin and talin .
The structure of an actin - crosslinking domain from human fimbrin .
We then compared colorectal cancers with ' mild ' RER ( n = 15 ) , and those with ' severe ' RER without ( n = 11 ) or with ( n = 22 ) detectable mutations in MSH2 or MLH1 to assess the involvement of mononucleotide repeats contained in the coding regions of MSH3 , MSH6 , BAX , and TGFbeta RII .
Mechanism of regulation of actin polymerization by Physarum profilin .
They had altered adhesive properties as measured by their ability to bind to a fibronectin - coated glass surface , suggesting that the expression of a rac - 1 GAP alters the assembly of integrin receptors , actin and cytoskeletal proteins such as vinculin and talin .
Neuropilin - 1 is expressed by endothelial and tumor cells as an isoform - specific receptor for vascular endothelial growth factor .
Expression of actin and myosin heavy chain genes in skeletal , cardiac and uterine muscles of young and old rats .
Furthermore , this inactivating effect of calmodulin can be prevented by coexpressing a region of the cytoskeletal protein alpha - actinin2 known to interact with the CO region of NR1 .
The RAD51 - interacting region ( amino acids 291 - 330 ) of the human RAD52 protein shows no homology with the yeast RAD52 protein , indicating that the interaction between RAD51 and RAD52 is species - specific .
Complete gene sequences for the nucleocapsid protein ( N ) and phosphoprotein ( P / V ) have been determined and recombinant N and V proteins produced in baculovirus .
Analysis of changes in state suggests that SIR1 protein has a role in the establishment but not the maintenance of repression of silent mating type genes , whereas SIR2 , SIR3 , and SIR4 are required for maintenance .
The Saccharomyces cerevisiae DDC1 gene belongs to the RAD17 , MEC3 and RAD24 epistasis group which , together with RAD9 , is proposed to act at the beginning of the DNA damage checkpoint pathway .
When liver - or islet - type glucokinase was transiently expressed in COS - 7 cells , the expressed glucokinase was also co - localized with actin filaments in the cytoplasm of these transfected cells .
Using ITP ( a substrate for myosin II ATPase ) and / or ATP gamma S ( a substrate for myosin II heavy - chain kinase [ MHCK ] ) , we demonstrated that phosphorylation of myosin heavy chains occurred at the foci within the actin network , a result that suggests that MHCK was localized at the foci .
The Schizosaccharomyces pombe rhp51 + , rad22 + and rhp54 + genes are homologous to RAD51 , RAD52 and RAD54 respectively , which are indispensable in the recombinational repair of double - strand breaks ( DSBs ) in Saccharomyces cerevisiae .
METHODS : Ileal and colonic biopsy specimens from 19 SpA patients with subclinical inflammatory gut lesions and from seven controls were stained with monoclonal antibodies against E - cadherin , beta - catenin and plakoglobin and a polyclonal antibody against alpha - catenin .
In addition , we have demonstrated that increased gene dosage of either SIR1 or SIR4 , two other factors required for silencing , suppresses the silencing defect of the rap1 mutants .
Herpes simplex virus type 1 expresses a heterotrimeric helicase - primase , the subunits of which are encoded by the viral UL5 , UL8 and UL52 genes .
We speculate that fimbrin may help maintain the parallel growth of actin filaments within the stereocilia .
Green fluorescent protein - tagged ORC1 associated with chromatin throughout mitosis in living cells and co - localized with ORC4 in metaphase spreads .
In addition to its presence in cell - cell adhesion sites , we have found beta - catenin , but not alpha - catenin , in the Z - discs of heart and skeletal striated muscles .
The Arp2 / 3 complex with full - length Scar , Scar containing P , W , and A domains , or Scar containing W and A domains overcomes inhibition of nucleation by the actin monomer - binding protein profilin , giving active nucleation over a low background of spontaneous nucleation .
One complex is composed of E - cadherin , alpha - and beta - catenin , the other of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin and plakoglobin .
Other mammalian actin - binding proteins such as profilin and CapG but also fragmin from Physarum polycephalum are similar targets for PIP2 - stimulated pp60 ( c - src ) phosphorylation .
MgCl2 strongly inhibits these effects of profilin , most likely by binding to the high - affinity divalent cation site on the actin .
In this case , efficient repair does not require RAD1 and MSH2 , consistent with our previous observations .
LIM - kinase 1 ( LIMK1 ) phosphorylates cofilin , an actin - depolymerizing factor , and regulates actin cytoskeletal reorganization .
To check its applicability , well characterized , commercially available antibodies ( against E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , and beta - catenin ) were used on sections of human small intestine .
In infected cells , C protein was detected exclusively in the cytoplasm as granular fluorescence , which coincided very well with the distribution of nucleocapsid protein NP and phosphoprotein P , which were also detected with specific antisera .
We propose a model in which profilin alters cellular concentrations of actin polymers in response to fluctuations in cytosolic calcium concentration .
The multifunctional protein profilin is one of the most abundant proteins in the cytoplasm and is thought to regulate actin assembly and the phosphoinositide signaling pathway .
Even the Munc18 - 2 mutants that do not detectably bind syntaxin 3 were membrane associated in Caco - 2 cells , suggesting that the syntaxin interaction is not the sole determinant of Sec1 protein membrane attachment .
These results suggest that RAD52 may modulate the catalytic activities of RAD51 protein such as homologous pairing and strand exchange through a direct physical interaction .
Our data indicate that even profilins of highly distant evolutionary origin can functionally substitute for each other and support the hypothesis that in animal cells , profilins are engaged in regulating either the stability or the kinetic properties of actin filaments .
Saccharomyces cerevisiae RAD14 was identified in a two - hybrid screen using MSH2 as " bait , " and pairwise interactions between MSH2 and RAD1 , RAD2 , RAD3 , RAD10 , RAD14 , and RAD25 subsequently were demonstrated by two - hybrid analysis .
Immunohistochemical studies showed a strong reactivity of most LAM cells for alpha - smooth muscle actin and smooth muscle myosin heavy chain and a weak to moderate reactivity of a lesser number of cells for desmin and nonmuscle myosin heavy chain II - B .
Finally , we evaluated the acetylation of three putative PCAF substrates , histones H3 and H4 and the transcription factor p53 , and have determined that histone H3 is significantly preferred over the histone H4 and p53 substrates .
Significantly , those actin mutants exhibiting the most severe phenotypes in all three processes have altered residues that cluster to a small region of the actin crystal structure previously defined as the fimbrin ( Sac6p ) - binding site .
In this study we aimed to determine which type of expression abnormalities for E - cadherin , beta - catenin and alpha - catenin correlate with clinico - pathological features and survival in gastric cancer .
The results indicate increased fractional synthesis and degradation of myosin heavy chain and light chains , but not actin , in the left compared to the right ventricular free wall .
The in vitro and in vivo binding patterns were highly similar , and the association of the Munc18 - 2 variants with syntaxin 3 correlated well with their ability to displace SNAP - 23 from syntaxin 3 complexes when overexpressed in Caco - 2 cells .
Gravin is not likely to be a nonerythroid spectrin , talin , myosin , or actin - binding protein based on the lack of reactivity of antigravin with these polypeptides in immunoblots .
No evidence for the surface expression of the phosphoprotein ( P ) , matrix ( M ) or nucleocapsid ( N ) proteins was found .
PS1 fragments form complexes with E - cadherin , beta - catenin , and alpha - catenin , all components of adherens junctions .
Monocytes and in vitro differentiated U937 cells induce focal loss in the staining of VE - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and plakoglobin during transendothelial migration under physiological flow conditions .
Immunoprecipitations showed in both cell lines the presence of two different E - cadherin - catenin complexes , one composed of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin and beta - catenin , and the other of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin and plakoglobin .
PtK2 cells of exceptionally large size were microinjected with fluorescently labeled probes for actin , myosin , filamin , and talin in order to follow the assembly of the contractile proteins into the cleavage furrows .
The majority of the aromatic residues in profilin are exposed to solvent and lie in either of two hydrophobic patches , neither of which takes part in an interface with actin .
These results indicate that ( i ) cotranslational assembly of myosin heavy chains is developmentally regulated , ( ii ) structures containing actin and not microtubules may mediate initial association of the heavy chains with the cytoskeleton , and ( iii ) the site of translation dictates where a significant fraction of the heavy chains will be inserted into the cytoskeleton .
The primary purpose of this study was to determine the relationship between myosin heavy chain ( MHC ) and actin contents and maximum isometric tetanic force ( Po ) in mouse extensor digitorum longus ( EDL ) muscles following eccentric contraction - induced injury .
Western analysis of gel - purified USF - nucleosome and GAL4 - AH - nucleosome complexes demonstrated the predominant presence of acetylated histone H4 relative to acetylated histone H3 .
However , these rod structures were not observed in response to TSH , forskolin , or TPA , suggesting that dephosphorylation of cofilin correlates with the reorganization of actin microfilaments but not with the nuclear transport of cofilin .
Vascular endothelial cadherin ( VE - cadherin ) clusters were co - localized with beta - catenin , an important signal transduction ligand , and with alpha - catenin , which is thought to link the complex to the peri - junctional actin .
We examined the axonal transport of actin and its monomer binding proteins , actin depolymerizing factor , cofilin , and profilin , in the chicken sciatic nerve following injection of [ 35S ] methionine into the lumbar spinal cord .
beta - catenin , but not E - cadherin , p120 ( cas ) or alpha - catenin , becomes stabilized when proteasome - mediated proteolysis is inhibited and this leads to the accumulation of multi - ubiquitinated forms of beta - catenin .
Mutations that alter putative RNA - binding residues of either HSH49 RRM are lethal in vivo , but do not prevent binding to CUS1 in vitro , suggesting that the predicted RNA - binding surfaces of HSH49 are not required for interaction with CUS1 .
Moreover , talin , but not vinculin or tubulin , appears to co - localize with actin microfilaments in the membrane ruffles of NK cells that undergo cytoskeleton rearrangement following CD31 cross - linking .
The interactions of actin with thymosin beta 4 , actobindin and profilin are compared .
Inhibition of cyclin D1 expression or induction of cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor p21WAF1 expression was found in mimosine - treated lung cancer cells .
Reduced E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin and plakoglobin expression correlated closely with the differentiation grade of the esophageal squamous cell carcinoma ( p < 0 . 05 ) .
Seventeen embryonic genes were identified as embryonic alpha - tubulin , embryonic beta - tubulin , hnRNP , protein L - isoaspartyl methyltransferase ( PIMT ) , ferritin heavy chain , type IV collagen , actin - binding protein cofilin , profilin and nine novel sequences designated as A1 - 9 .
Immunocytochemical localisation of actin and profilin in the generative cell of angiosperm pollen : TEM studies on high - pressure frozen and freeze - substituted Ledebouria socialis Roth ( Hyacinthaceae ) .
To improve our ability to study these proteins , we have expressed UL5 , UL8 , UL9 , and UL52 in insect cells by using the baculovirus expression system .
ADP - ribosylation of actin at Arg 177 by Clostridium perfringens iota toxin increased the nucleotide dissociation rate from 2 . 2 x 10 ( - 3 ) s - 1 to 4 . 5 x 10 ( - 3 ) s - 1 without affecting the profilin - induced stimulation of nucleotide exchange .
Moreover , addition of profilin to steady - state actin filaments causes slow depolymerization .
Because histone H3 shares many structural features with histone H4 and is intimately associated with H4 in the assembled nucleosome , we asked whether H3 has similar functions .
Essential domains of the PRP21 splicing factor are implicated in the binding to PRP9 and PRP11 proteins and are conserved through evolution .
The role of profilin in the regulation of actin assembly has been reexamined .
Germline mutations in several members of these families , MSH2 , MSH6 , MLH1 , and PMS2 , but not MSH3 , are responsible for hereditary non - polyposis colorectal cancer .
The long repeats , which are interdigitated between the PRRs , increased the frequency with which actin - based motility occurred by a mechanism independent of the PRRs , VASP , and profilin .
To determine the effect of insulin - like growth factor I ( IGF - I ) on cardiac contractile protein synthesis in vivo , we measured L - [ ring - 2 , 6 - 3H ] phenylalanine incorporation into myosin heavy chain and actin during intravenous infusions ( 4 h ) of either saline or IGF - I ( 1 microgram . kg - 1 . min - 1 ) in awake rats .
With profilins , whose sequestering activity was low , the concentration of free actin monomers observed at steady - state of polymerization [ Afree ] , was close to that seen with actin alone ( [ Acc ] , critical concentration of polymerization ) .
Several proteins , such as calmodulin , calbindin , actin , tubulin , and fimbrin , have previously been described .
Here we report that p120 associates with a complex containing E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and plakoglobin .
Localization of VASP to the leading edge of a migrating cell can lead to local accumulation of profilin , which in turn can supply actin monomers to growing filament ends .
These results indicate that the assembly of cytoskeletal and sarcomeric actins is regulated differently by profilin in the developing skeletal muscle , and that the former may not be involved in myofibril assembly .
Evidence for a conformational change in actin induced by fimbrin ( N375 ) binding .
Total protein , myosin heavy chain ( MHC ) , and actin appeared unchanged with SVT cardiomyopathy at the LV or myocyte level .
Here , we show that PRP5 ( a DEAD box helicase - like protein ) , PRP9 , and PRP11 are each required for the U2 snRNP to bind to the pre - spliceosome during spliceosome assembly in vitro .
To test these models in living cells using imaging techniques , we prepared a new fluorescent analog of actin that bound profilin , a protein that interacts with phosphoinositides and actin - monomers in a mutually exclusive manner , with an order of magnitude greater affinity ( Kd = 3 . 6 microM ) than cys - 374 - labeled actin ( Kd > 30 microM ) , yet retained the ability to inhibit DNase I .
In order to clarify cofilin - dependent regulation of actin assembly in muscle cells , cofilin tagged with fluorescence dyes was introduced into C2 myoblasts by a micro injection method .
Mutations in Saccharomyces cerevisiae RFC5 , DPB11 , MEC1 , DDC2 MEC3 , RAD53 , CHK1 , PDS1 , and DUN1 increased the rate of genome rearrangements up to 200 - fold whereas mutations in RAD9 , RAD17 , RAD24 , BUB3 , and MAD3 had little effect .
The resulting beta - catenin product is unable to bind alpha - catenin that is responsible for actin filament binding and organization .
The nucleotide sequences of nucleocapsid ( N ) , phosphoprotein ( P ) , matrix ( M ) , fusion ( F ) , and large protein ( L ) genes were partly determined for 19 wild strains of measles virus ( MV ) isolated over the past 10 years in Japan ( nucleotide position N : 1301 - 1700 , P : 1751 - 2190 , M : 3571 - 4057 , F : 6621 - 7210 , L : 10381 - 11133 ) and also for a MV strain obtained from a patient with subacute sclerosing panencephalitis ( SSPE ) who had natural measles in 1980 .
Silencing mediated by GBD - SIR1 requires the trans - acting factors that normally participate in repression , namely , SIR2 , SIR3 , SIR4 , and histone H4 .
The main inhibitory action of p27 , a cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitor ( CDKI ) , arises from its binding with the cyclin E / cyclin - dependent kinase 2 ( Cdk2 ) complex that results in G ( 1 ) - S arrest .
In addition to their role in mismatch repair ( MMR ) , the MSH2 and MSH3 gene products are required to remove 3 ' nonhomologous DNA tails during genetic recombination .
Thus , it is likely that the both cofilin isoforms are involved in the regulation of actin assembly during myofibrillogenesis .
Like TESK1 , TESK2 phosphorylated cofilin specifically at Ser - 3 and induced formation of actin stress fibers and focal adhesions .
Birch pollen profilin and actin can be copurified as a complex , and purified recombinant birch profilin can be used as an affinity matrix to obtain birch pollen actin .
A pre - treatment of cells with SGE from partially fed ticks in amounts corresponding to 1 or 3 salivary glands increased the level of both viral nucleocapsid ( N ) protein and phosphoprotein ( P ) in a dose - dependent manner .
The cellular morphological changes were analyzed and correlated with the distribution of cell - substratum contacts viewed by confocal images obtained after immunostaining with antibodies raised against the fibronectin receptor , talin , vinculin and actin .
The microvillus cytoskeleton , isolated from chicken intestinal epithelial cell brush borders , is known to contain five major protein components , the 110 , 000 - dalton polypeptide , villin ( 95 , 000 daltons ) , fimbrin ( 68 , 000 daltons ) , actin ( 43 , 000 daltons ) , and calmodulin ( 17 , 000 daltons ) .
Both pathway cells and superior tarsal smooth muscle cells expressed alpha - smooth muscle actin and smooth muscle myosin heavy chain throughout development .
The interaction of Acanthamoeba actin and Acanthamoeba profilin was evaluated as a function of ionic conditions .
We conclude that Aip1p is a cofilin - associated protein that enhances the filament disassembly activity of cofilin and restricts cofilin localization to cortical actin patches .
Co - localization of glucokinase with actin filaments .
Mutations in RAD27 cause increased rates of mitotic crossing over and are lethal in combination with mutations in RAD51 and RAD52 .
The cardiac ventricular myosin heavy chain phenotype is developmentally and hormonally regulated , but less is known concerning the actin phenotype .
The two proteins were found to differ in their interaction with actin , like destrin and cofilin isolated from porcine brain .
Previously , we have shown that in the absence of RAD52 , repair is nearly absent and diploid cells lose the broken chromosome ; however , in cells lacking RAD51 , gene conversion is absent but cells can repair the DSB by BIR .
Acanthamoeba profilin has similar but weaker effects on muscle actin , requiring 5 to 10 times more profilin than with amoeba actin .
Photochemical cleavage of myosin heavy chain and the effect on the interaction with actin .
Human platelet P - 235 , a talin - like actin binding protein , binds selectively to mixed lipid bilayers .
The comparison of E - CD proteins synthesized by E62 and E24 cell lines revealed no structural or functional differences because both localized at cell - cell contacts and associated with alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and plakoglobin .
Phosphorylation of profilin by PKC was not affected by the presence of various concentrations of actin .
By using a chromatin immunoprecipitation ( ChIP ) assay , we observed that histone H4 , and not histone H3 , was acetylated from the endogenous p21 / waf1 promoter in vivo , implying that CBP / p300 , and not the SAGA complex , was critical in complexing with E2A in up - regulation of p21 / waf1 in HTLV - 1 - infected cells .
Actin expression was reduced by 25 - 50 % , relative to that of myosin heavy chain , in smooth muscle of KO mice , without any change in the relative distribution of the actin isoforms .
TNF receptor death domain - associated proteins TRADD and FADD signal activation of acid sphingomyelinase .
In contrast , overexpression of the profilin gene , PFY1 , encoding an actin - binding protein , leads to no very obvious phenotype .
In contrast , act1 - 159 partially suppresses the temperature sensitivity of a tropomyosin mutant , and the loss of cytoplasmic cables seen in fimbrin , Mdm20p , and tropomyosin null mutants , suggesting filament stabilizing functions for these actin - binding proteins .
DNA sequence analysis of the cdc3 + gene reveals that it encodes profilin , an actin - monomer - binding protein .
Live dynamics of Dictyostelium cofilin suggests a role in remodeling actin latticework into bundles .
Regulation of myosin heavy chain and actin isogenes expression during cardiac growth .
The assembly of complete HSV replication compartments and incorporation of BrdU were both abolished by treatment with phosphonoacetic acid ( PAA ) and by omission of any one of the seven viral replication proteins , UL5 , UL8 , UL9 , UL42 , UL52 , SSB , and Pol , that are essential for viral DNA replication .
As shown by in situ hybridization with cloned probes and analysis of in vitro translation products , M . occulta embryos do not accumulate high levels of alpha actin or myosin heavy chain mRNA .
We have previously shown that the synthetic dodecapeptide corresponding to Trp104 - Met115 of cofilin is a potent inhibitor of actin polymerization ( Yonezawa , N . , Nishida , E . , Iida , K . , Kumagai , H . , Yahara , I . , and Sakai , H . ( 1991 ) J . Biol . Chem . 266 , 10485 - 10489 ) .
Selective repression of actin and myosin heavy chain expression during the programmed death of insect skeletal muscle .
A two - hybrid - based approach using cofilin and actin mutants identified residues necessary for the interaction of actin , cofilin , and Aip1p in an apparent ternary complex .
In this study , we evaluated the prognostic significance of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , and beta - catenin expressions in the metastatic foci of patients with colorectal carcinoma .
Molecules known to link actin filaments to membrane were also examined , including alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , plakoglobin , and zyxin , but none was identified at the host - parasite junction .
To determine the phenotypes of smooth muscle cells ( SMCs ) in such lesions , the authors conducted an immunohistochemical analysis of lung tissues from two patients with PPH , using two antimuscle actin antibodies , HHF35 and CGA7 , and two anti - SMC myosin heavy chain markers , anti - SM1 and anti - SM2 antibodies and related antibodies .
mDia binds profilin likely to promote actin polymerization .
[ Activation induces dephosphorylation of cofilin ( an actin / PIP2 - binding protein ) and its translocation to plasma membranes in leukocytes ] .
In the ADE2 assay system , silencing depends completely upon the function of the SIR genes , known trans - acting regulators of the silent loci , and is sensitive to the gene dosage of two SIR genes , SIR1 and SIR4 .
The phosphoprotein ( P ) of vesicular stomatitis virus ( VSV ) serotypes New Jersey [ P ( NJ ) ] and Indiana [ P ( I ) ] contains a highly conserved carboxy - terminal domain which is required for binding to the cognate N - RNA template as well as to form a soluble complex with the nucleocapsid protein N in vivo .
Notably , the two pro - apoptotic adapter proteins TRADD and FADD are also involved in the activation of A - SMase .
A chimera consisting of the alpha - catenin - binding region of beta - catenin linked to the amino terminus of alpha - catenin 57 - 264 behaves as a monomer in solution , as expected , since beta - catenin binding disrupts the alpha - catenin dimer .
The herpes simplex virus type - 1 DNA helicase - primase is a heterotrimer encoded by the UL5 , UL8 , and UL52 genes .
alpha - SNAP binds to predicted alpha - helical coiled - coil regions of syntaxin and SNAP - 25 , shown previously to be engaged in their direct interaction .
Addition of profilin to polymerized actin causes it to depolymerize until a new steady - state , dependent on profilin concentration , is achieved .
Aip1p interacts with cofilin to disassemble actin filaments .
In mouse brain profilin I and profilin II associate with regulators of the endocytic pathway and actin assembly .
Because beta - catenin is known to interact with alpha - catenin , which binds to actin , we generated a fusion molecule consisting of the ectodomain of E - cadherin and the actin binding site of alpha - catenin .
We have shown that these proteins are indeed nuclear basic proteins : the 14 kd is the histone H4 , the 19 kd is the histone H3 , and the 25 kd is the sperm - specific protein SP2 .
Expression of E - cadherin , alpha - catenin and beta - catenin in normal ovarian surface epithelium and epithelial ovarian cancers .
Features studied were actin , microtubules , vinculin , and talin , using immunofluorescence , sodium dodecyl sulfate - polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis , and immunoblotting ; permeability of the cell sheet ; wound healing ; and phagocytic capacity .
We used biochemical fractionation , immunoassays and microscopy of live and fixed Acanthamoeba to determine how much profilin is bound to its known ligands : actin , membrane PIP ( 2 ) , Arp2 / 3 complex and polyproline sequences .
RIPc , one of the cleavage products , enhanced interaction between TRADD and FADD / MORT1 and increased cells ' sensitivity to TNF .
beta - catenin and plakoglobin possibly play more regulatory roles , as it was shown that their tyrosine phosphorylation correlated with modified cadherin activities .
A truncated beta - catenin disrupts the interaction between E - cadherin and alpha - catenin : a cause of loss of intercellular adhesiveness in human cancer cell lines .
The essential role of profilin in the assembly of actin for microspike formation .
Here we report the functional importance of profilin in various actin - mediated morphological changes using H119E mutant profilin I , which is deficient only in actin binding .
Overexpression of cofilin stimulates bundling of actin filaments , membrane ruffling , and cell movement in Dictyostelium .
Immunofluorescence experiments showed that , like Abp1p , cofilin is associated with the membrane actin cytoskeleton .
RAD51 , RAD54 , RAD55 and RAD57 are all required to facilitate strand invasion into otherwise inaccessible donor sequences .
METHODS : Paraffin - embedded sections of five AVMs , CCMs , and control brain tissues were stained immunohistochemically with antibodies to alpha - smooth muscle actin ( alpha - SMA ) , myosin heavy chain , and smoothelin , a novel marker for contractile VSMC phenotype .
Using sodium dodecyl sulfate - polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis ( SDS - PAGE ) , we have developed a simple method to isolate myosin heavy chain ( MHC ) and actin from small ( 60 - 80 mg ) human skeletal muscle samples for the determination of their fractional synthesis rates .
On the other hand , we have recently proposed the importance of cofilin , an actin - binding phosphoprotein , in phagocyte functions through dephosphorylation and translocation to the plasma membrane regions .
Neuropilin 1 ( NP - 1 ) is a receptor for vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) 165 ( VEGF165 ) and acts as a coreceptor that enhances VEGF165 function through tyrosine kinase VEGF receptor 2 ( VEGFR - 2 ) .
However , once initiated , the synthesis of muscle tropomyosin mRNA continued in the presence of cycloheximide , while the expression of muscle actin , myosin heavy chain , and myogenin mRNA was abolished .
Within the sieve - tube exudate , profilin was present in 15 - fold molar excess to actin .
These data indicate that the actin - binding domains in plant and animal profilins are functionally highly conserved , although the overall sequence similarity is less than 25 % .
ActA appears to control at least four functions that collectively lead to actin - based motility : ( 1 ) initiation of actin polymerization , ( 2 ) polarization of ActA function , ( 3 ) transformation of actin polymerization into a motile force and ( 4 ) acceleration of movement mediated by the host protein profilin .
Recombinant plant ( birch ) profilin was analyzed for its ability to promote actin polymerization from the actin : thymosin beta4 and beta9 complex .
The data suggest that profilin binding to actin weakens nucleotide binding to actin by disrupting Mg ( 2 + ) coordination in the actin central cleft .
Actin - binding proteins such as profilin and gelsolin bind to phosphatidylinositol ( PI ) 4 , 5 - bisphosphate ( PI 4 , 5 - P2 ) and regulate the concentration of monomeric actin .
MDP2 is the previously identified VRP1 , which encodes verprolin , required for proper organization of the actin cytoskeleton .
METHODS : We immunohistochemically investigated the expression of E - cadherin ( E - Cad ) , alpha - catenin ( A - Cat ) and beta - catenin ( B - Cat ) during human intrahepatic bile duct development , using 31 fetal livers of various gestational ages .
Transcriptional regulation in the galactose regulon of yeast is determined by an interplay between a positive regulatory protein , GAL4 , and a negative regulatory protein , GAL80 .
The actin monomer - binding protein , profilin , influences the dynamics of actin filaments in vitro by suppressing nucleation , enhancing nucleotide exchange on actin , and promoting barbed - end assembly .
One involves talin , which has recently been shown to bind actin directly .
Herpes simplex virus type 1 encodes a heterotrimeric helicase - primase complex that is composed of the products of the UL5 , UL52 , and UL8 genes .
During apoptotic process induced by the agents , expression of cyclin - dependent kinase inhibitors p21 and p27 increased , whereas expression of cyclin D1 decreased .
The isolated intestinal microvillus cytoskeleton ( core ) consists of four major proteins : actin , villin , fimbrin and brush border myosin - I .
The cardiac myosin heavy chain Arg - 403 - - > Gln mutation that causes hypertrophic cardiomyopathy does not affect the actin - or ATP - binding capacities of two size - limited recombinant myosin heavy chain fragments .
By analytical ultracentrifugation , rhodamine - labeled profilin binds Arp2 / 3 complex with a Kd of 7 microM , an affinity intermediate between the low affinity of profilin for barbed ends of actin filaments and its high affinity for actin monomers .
Coprecipitations revealed that transfected cadherin molecules are complexed with alpha - catenin and beta - catenin at plasma membranes .
The hyperproliferative response observed in the gastric mucosa is secondary to this initial insult and is associated with increased expression of cyclin D1 , the cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor p16ink4a and of p53 and decreased expression of the cyclin dependent kinase inhibitor p27kip1 .
The core histones from Physarum , histones H2A , H2B , H3 , and H4 , are rapidly acetylated ; histone H4 shows five subfractions , analogous to the five subfractions of mammalian histone H4 ( containing zero to four acetyllysine residues per molecule ) ; histone H3 has a more complex pattern that we interpret as zero to four acetyllysine residues on each of two sequence variants of histone H3 ; histones H2A and H2B show less heterogeneity .
alpha - and beta - catenin assemble into a 1 : 1 heterodimeric complex .
A series of truncations was carried out at the C terminus of profilin , a region that has been implicated in actin binding .
Most of these integrins , with their intracellular domains , interact with the actin - containing cytoskeleton , via linking proteins such as vinculin and talin , while one of them interacts with the keratin filaments , via an as yet unknown linking molecule ( s ) .
This cadherin - catenin complex plays an indispensable role in construction of ordered multicellular structures such as polarized epithelium .
Aip1p localizes to cortical actin patches in yeast cells , and this localization is disrupted by specific actin and cofilin mutations .
The actin cytoskeleton - associated protein talin binds to integrins , vinculin , and actin .
We have established an MSH3 - deficient HHUA / chr . 2 cell line by introducing human chromosome 2 , which carries wild - type MSH6 and MSH2 genes , to HHUA cells .
By 1 h the cells were well spread with straight actin bundles many of which ended at more central sites terminating on patches containing vinculin and talin ; thus the cells assemble typical stress fibers but do not appear to polarize .
Specific interaction between the nucleocapsid protein ( N ) and the phosphoprotein ( P ) of vesicular stomatitis virus ( VSV ) , an important step in the life - cycle of the virus , was studied by using a two - hybrid system .
Recombinant human beta - catenin can simultaneously bind to the alpha - catenin / actin complex but does not bind actin directly .
alpha - and beta - catenin were present in most ovarian cells at all stages of folliculogenesis .
Using the ' nuclear displacement assay ' as a measure of the integrity of the actin cytoskeleton in living stamen hair cells , we demonstrated that AtFim1 protects actin filaments in these cells from Z . mays profilin ( ZmPRO5 ) - induced depolymerization , in a dose - dependent manner .
Here , we show that EID - 1 is a potent inhibitor of differentiation and link this activity to its ability to inhibit p300 ( and the highly related molecule , CREB - binding protein , or CBP ) histone acetylation activity .
Mitochondrial genes ( 16 . 2 % ) , myosin heavy chain genes ( 9 % ) and the actin alpha skeletal muscle gene ( 9 % ) were the most abundant transcripts .
Sepharose beads coupled to either monoclonal anti - gelsolin antibodies or to polyproline were used to extract gelsolin and profilin , respectively , from EGTA - containing platelet extracts and determine the proportion of these molecules bound to actin with sufficient affinity to withstand dilution ( high - affinity complexes ) .
In COS - 7 cells overexpressing a N - WASP mutant lacking the proline - rich domain ( Deltap ) unable to interact with profilin , the actin tail formation of intracellular Shigella was inhibited .
In this study , we immunohistochemically investigated the expression of beta - catenin as well as E - cadherin and alpha - catenin in 86 human colorectal cancers , and we analysed their coexpression pattern and relationship to clinicopathological factors .
Both tyrosine phosphorylation and association of beta - catenin with EGFR were inhibited by tyrphostin , a specific inhibitor of the EGFR tyrosine kinase , whereas dissociation of alpha - catenin from E - cadherin was not .
Deletion and overexpression studies demonstrate that SIR2 , but not SIR1 , SIR3 or SIR4 , is required for this rDNA position effect .
Within 1 hour of raising the concentration of calcium ions , integrins , cadherins , alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , plakoglobin , vinculin and alpha - actinin appeared to accumulate at cell - cell borders , whereas the focal contact proteins , paxillin and talin , did not .
These proteins also compose the essential heterotrimeric splicing factor SF3a , and products of yeast pre - mRNA processing genes PRP9 , PRP11 , and PRP21 are their likely yeast counterparts .
Here we show that the N - terminal domain of ActA binds one actin monomer , in a profilin - like fashion , and Arp2 / 3 complex and mimics the C - terminal domain of WASp family proteins in catalyzing filament barbed end branching by Arp2 / 3 complex .
Molecular cloning and primary structure analysis demonstrated that alpha - catenin is homologous to vinculin and the beta - catenin is homologous to human plakoglobin and the Drosophila gene product armadillo .
The amount of unassembled actin ( 12 microM ) is accounted for by the sequestering functions of T beta 4Xen ( 20 microM ) and profilin ( 5 microM ) , the barbed ends being capped .
In the basal layer , patches of brightly labeled cells were detected with antibodies to E - cadherin , beta - catenin , and gamma - catenin , but not with antibodies to P - cadherin , alpha - catenin , or with pan - desmocollin and pan - desmoglein antibodies .
alpha - catenin links beta - catenin to the actin - based cytoskeleton .
CD26 , a T cell activation Ag , also known as dipeptidyl peptidase IV , is directly associated with adenosine deaminase ( ADA ) on the surface of T cells and T cell lines .
Two cDNAs , isolated from a Xenopus laevis embryonic library , encode proteins of 168 amino acids , both of which are 77 % identical to chick cofilin and 66 % identical to chick actin - depolymerizing factor ( ADF ) , two structurally and functionally related proteins .
We observed that four replication proteins , UL5 , UL8 UL52 , and UL9 , are necessary for the localization of ICP8 ( UL29 ) to prereplicative sites natural infection conditions .
This review describes three structures of actin complexed with different monomer - binding proteins , namely with DNase I , gelsolin segment 1 , and profilin .
The domain consists of a mixed alpha - helical / beta - sheet fold that resembles a circular permutation of the actin / poly - proline binding protein , profilin , and the GAF / PAS family of regulatory modules .
The APC protein and E - cadherin form similar but independent complexes with alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and plakoglobin .
A 2 . 2 - kb truncated NRP1 cDNA was cloned that encodes a 644 - aa soluble NRP1 ( sNRP1 ) isoform containing just the a / CUB and b / coagulation factor homology extracellular domains of NRP1 .
Interaction between nucleocapsid protein ( NP ) and phosphoprotein ( P ) of human parainfluenza virus type 2 : one of the two NP binding sites on P is essential for granule formation .
Although talin has been suggested to act as a linkage protein mediating the attachment of GPIIb - IIIa to actin filaments , direct binding of GPIIb - IIIa to this cytoskeletal protein has not been demonstrated .
Those observations were extended to include a spatiotemporal immunohistochemical analyses of beta - catenin and alpha - catenin , as well as a more detailed study of N - cadherin , during segmentation , compaction , and compartmentalization of the somite .
The characteristics of the vitamin D - binding protein and profilin interactions with actin are similar .
Expression of the A8R and A23R genes occurred between 1 and 5 h after vaccinia virus infection and was not prevented by an inhibitor of DNA replication , consistent with a role for VITF - 3 in specifically regulating intermediate transcription in vivo .
Phosphorylation of the headpiece domain could regulate the actin binding and bundling properties of fimbrin , or it could regulate the interaction of fimbrin with other proteins .
Stimulus - dependent disorganization of actin filaments induced by overexpression of cofilin in C2 myoblasts .
We have characterized this actin with respect to its ability to interact with yeast profilin and tropomyosin , the only yeast actin - binding proteins so far purified and characterized .
Previous studies have yielded conflicting results concerning the physiological role of profilin , a 12 - 15 - kD actin - and phosphoinositide - binding protein , as a regulator of actin polymerization .
The adenosine deaminase - binding region is distinct from major anti - CD26 mAb epitopes on the human dipeptidyl peptidase IV ( CD26 ) molecule .
Recombinant HSH49 protein has a general RNA - binding activity that does not require CUS1 .
The mechanism of profilin - promoted actin polymerization has been systematically reinvestigated .
No significant changes in glomerular vinculin , talin , beta 1 - integrin , or total actin expression occurred at any time point during disease development .
P - cadherin expression is a better indicator of clinical outcome than alterations in the expression of E - cadherin , N - cadherin , alpha - catenin , or beta - catenin .
The reduction in actin and myosin heavy chain synthesis presumably plays a role in the rapid dissolution of the muscles .
alpha - Sm actin inhibition also led to the formation of less prominent focal adhesions as revealed by immunofluorescence staining against vinculin , talin , and beta1 - integrin .
In the present work we have used profilin and DNAse I injections , as well as latrunculin B and cytochalasin D treatments , under quantitatively controlled conditions , to perturb actin microfilament structure and assembly in an attempt to answer this question .
Platelet talin binds to actin in vitro and hence is an actin binding protein .
A null mutation of the actin gene ( ACT1 ) is lethal , but null mutations in the tropomyosin ( TPM1 ) , fimbrin ( SAC6 ) , Abp1p ( ABP1 ) , and capping protein ( CAP1 and CAP2 ) genes have relatively mild or no effects .
Immunohistochemistry for a variety of cytokeratins ( CKs ) ( 8 / 18 , 1 / 10 , 7 , and 20 ) , epithelial membrane antigen ( EMA ) , S - 100 protein , vimentin CD34 , type IV collagen , smooth muscle actin , smooth muscle myosin heavy chain , calponin , and glial fibrillary acid protein was performed .
There was a trend towards an association between advanced tumour stage and loss of membranous expression of alpha - catenin or beta - catenin , although these associations were not statistically significant .
A binary complex of birch profilin and skeletal muscle actin could be isolated by gel chromatography .
Pyrenyliodoacetamide labeling of cysteine 374 of muscle actin reduces the affinity for profilin 10 - fold .
This is consistent with cofilin activation being required for actin reorganization during exocytosis .
These results support a model in which EGF stimulation recruits cofilin to the leading edge where its severing activity is activated , leading to the generation of short actin filaments with free barbed ends that participate in the nucleation of actin polymerization .
During incubation of whole myofibrils at 37 degrees C , myosin heavy chain , alpha actinin , actin and troponin T suffered degradation .
Full - length beta - catenin , beta - catenin mutant proteins with NH2 - terminal deletions before ( deltaN90 ) or after ( deltaN131 , deltaN151 ) the alpha - catenin binding site , or a mutant beta - catenin with a COOH - terminal deletion ( delta C ) were expressed in MDCK cells under the control of the tetracycline - repressible transactivator .
Isolation of human delta - catenin and its binding specificity with presenilin 1 .
Associations of UBE2I with RAD52 , UBL1 , p53 , and RAD51 proteins in a yeast two - hybrid system .
In 50 mM KCl , high concentrations of Acanthamoeba profilin inhibit the elongation rate of muscle actin filaments measured directly by electron microscopy , but the effect is minimal in KCl with 2 MgCl2 .
Using a complementary sequence or antipeptide to selectively neutralize the stretch of residues 633 - 642 of skeletal myosin heavy chain , we recently demonstrated that this segment is an actin binding site operating in the absence as in the presence of nucleotide and that this stretch 633 - 642 is not part of the nucleotide binding site [ Chaussepied & Morales ( 1988 ) Proc . Natl . Acad . Sci . U . S . A . 85 , 7471 - 7475 ] .
Hence , we conclude that in its dimeric form , which is used in actin and lipid binding , talin is a dumbbell - shaped molecule built of two antiparallel subunits .
We have found that cofilin , a 21 - kDa actin - binding protein , is a component of these rods .
These results place important restrictions on the interpretation of experiments in which fluorescently labeled actin is used as a probe of living cytoplasm or cytoplasmic extracts that include profilin .
Further deletion analysis demonstrated that this fragment contains three regions , which are important for nucleation and share functional and / or limited sequence similarity with host WASP family proteins : an acidic stretch , an actin monomer - binding region , and a cofilin homology sequence .
Insulin - like growth factor - I , actin , and myosin heavy chain messenger RNAs in skeletal muscle after an injection of growth hormone in subjects over 60 years old .
With solutions of actin ( 2 microM ) and thymosin - beta4 ( 2 or 4 microM ) , the barbed - end assembly rate rose with increasing profilin concentration ( 0 . 7 - 2 microM ) .
In contrast , alpha actin and myosin heavy chain mRNA accumulation was not enhanced in hybrid embryos .
Deletion of both RAD50 and RAD51 produces a phenotype similar to that produced by deletion of RAD52 .
By two - hybrid screening we have identified two partners that directly associate with TIF34 : PRT1 , a previously characterized eIF3 subunit , and a novel protein of 33 kDa ( eIF3 - p33 ) which is part of the eIF3 complex and has an RNA binding domain .
Pervanadate caused a dramatic augmentation of the phosphorylation of E - cadherin , beta - catenin , and gamma - catenin ( plakoglobin ) , but alpha - catenin was not detectably phosphorylated .
Finally , both receptors can interact with FADD , TRADD , and RIP .
The amino acid composition of the 15 - kDa protein was similar to that of mammalian profilin and it inhibited the salt - induced polymerization of rabbit skeletal muscle actin .
Addition of EGTA ( 3 mM ) to the extracellular media completely inhibited the cleavage of actin - binding protein , talin , and pp60src in response to A23187 ( 1 microM ) .
As expected from immunofluorescence experiments , Abp1p , cofilin , and actin colocalized in immuno - EM to the dense patchlike structures but not to the cables .
In reconstitution experiments , actin filaments incubated in EGTA with purified fimbrin and villin form smooth - sided bundles containing an apparently random number of filaments .
Isolation of profilin from embryonic chicken skeletal muscle and evaluation of its interaction with different actin isoforms .
Three actin - associated proteins , actin - binding protein , gelsolin , and profilin , influence gelation , solation , and polymerization , respectively , of actin in vitro .
Testicular protein kinase 1 ( TESK1 ) is a serine / threonine kinase highly expressed in testicular germ cells and has the potential to phosphorylate cofilin and induce actin cytoskeletal reorganization .
Such motifs are known to bind to profilins ( PFNs ) , small proteins engaged in the control of actin dynamics .
Requirement of yeast fimbrin for actin organization and morphogenesis in vivo .
Analyses of beta - catenin or E - cadherin immunoprecipitates from BMMC lysate revealed that alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , and E - cadherin were co - precipitated , suggesting that E - cadherin and catenins form a complex in mast cells .
In the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae , the DNA damage - induced G2 arrest requires the checkpoint control genes RAD9 , RAD17 , RAD24 , MEC1 , MEC2 and MEC3 .
Studies on cultured cells have suggested that both alpha - catenin and plakoglobin are important for the adhesive function of cadherins .
Recently , we have shown that the small actin - depolymerizing protein cofilin represents a component of a co - stimulatory signaling pathway in human T cells .
The most striking difference was in the relative preference for acetylation of histone H4 versus acetylation of histone H3 : with the purified acetylase , histone H4 in nucleosomes was acetylated to a much greater extent than was histone H3 , whereas the reverse preference was found with the endogenous acetylase ( s ) .
RAD51 , RAD54 , RAD55 and RAD57 are still required when the same transcribed donor is on the chromosome .
On the other hand , polymerization assays give disparate results that are inconsistent with the binding assays and each other : profilin has different effects on elongation at the two ends of actin filaments ; profilin inhibits the elongation of platelet actin much more strongly than muscle actin ; and simple formation of 1 : 1 complexes of actin with profilin cannot account for the strong inhibition of spontaneous polymerization .
These results suggest that activation of PKC precedes the activation of PI and PIP kinases and that under certain circumstances activation of the kinases and the increased synthesis of PIP and PIP2 may be involved in the polymerization of actin in RBL cells , possibly through the interaction of the polyphosphoinositides with actin - binding proteins such as gelsolin and profilin .
Immunoprecipitation of metabolically labeled proteins with HECD - 1 revealed three bands corresponding to E - cadherin , alpha - catenin , and gamma - catenin and a 79 - kDa band which was apparently smaller than that of normal beta - catenin , indicating truncated beta - catenin .
The talin dimer , which is crucial for actin and lipid binding , is built of a backbone containing the 200 kDa rod portions , at both ends of which a 47 kDa globular domain is attached .
We have shown that the FH proteins Bni1p and Bnr1p are potential targets of the Rho family small GTP - binding proteins and bind to an actin - binding protein , profilin , at their proline - rich FH1 domains to regulate reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae .
The presence , in varying quantities , of myosin heavy chain and actin isoforms of smooth muscle type in the different vessels reflected their degree of differentiation .
Immunohistochemistry revealed that arteries had three distinct populations of cells in respect to alpha - smooth muscle actin , smooth muscle myosin heavy chain and vimentin ( staining intensities ' - ' , ' + ' or ' + + ' for each protein ) , but only two populations in respect to desmin ( ' - ' and ' + ' ) .
Finally it was shown that the two isoforms of actin can be separated from each other in the absence of profilin also by chromatography on hydroxyapatite .
Acanthamoeba actin and profilin can be cross - linked between glutamic acid 364 of actin and lysine 115 of profilin .
The K114E profilin exhibited a profound decrease in its ability to interact with actin , whereas binding to poly - ( L ) - proline was essentially unchanged .
One mutation , sac6 - 69 , is in the gene encoding fimbrin , another actin - binding protein , which was expected because null mutations in SAC6 and CAP2 are known to be synthetic - lethal .
We investigate allelic losses in microsatellites of the RAD51 , RAD52 , RAD54 , BRCA1 and BRCA2 regions , and their correlations with nine pathologic parameters in 127 breast carcinomas .
These results suggest that muscle - specific processing of tropomyosin transcripts can continue to occur in the absence of myogenin expression unlike the expression of muscle actin and myosin heavy chain mRNAs .
Surprisingly , although maintained in mitogen - rich medium , this ectopic expression was associated with a transactivation of the endogenous myogenin and myosin light chain 2 gene but not the endogenous MyoD1 , MRF4 , Myf5 , the skeletal muscle actin , or the myosin heavy chain genes .
Characterization of a mutant profilin with reduced actin - binding capacity : effects in vitro and in vivo .
Fluorographic analysis showed that the specific activity of soluble actin was two to three times that of its particulate form and that soluble actin , cofilin , actin depolymerizing factor , and profilin were transported at similar rates in slow component b of axonal flow .
These dissociation constants are the first to be determined from direct physical measurement ; they are in agreement with values inferred from earlier studies on the effect of profilin on the assembly of actin that had been fluorescently labeled or otherwise modified at Cys 374 .
Two isoforms of nonmuscle myosin heavy chain IIB ( MHC - IIB ) are generated by alternative splicing ; MHC - IIB ( B2 ) differs from MHC - IIB ( DeltaB2 ) by the insertion of B2 exon cassette near the actin binding region .
MATERIALS AND METHODS : We used an avidin - biotin immunoperoxidase technique to examine the cellular localization of alpha - catenin , beta - catenin , gamma - catenin and E - cadherin in 68 TCC and 14 normal bladder biopsies .
Direct binding of the verprolin - homology domain in N - WASP to actin is essential for cytoskeletal reorganization .
Here , we show that the x - ray sensitivity of rad55 and rad57 mutant strains is suppressible by overexpression of RAD51 or RAD52 .
We have analyzed the expression levels of the genes encoding alpha - catenin , beta - catenin and plakoglobin in correlation to the E - cadherin expression levels in cell lines derived from human cervical carcinomas .
A LIMK2 mutant with replacement of threonine 505 by valine abolished LIMK2 activities for cofilin phosphorylation and actin cytoskeletal changes , whereas replacement by glutamate enhanced the protein kinase activity and stress fiber formation by LIMK2 .
Even though rates of total protein and actin synthesis resembled values measured in vivo , myosin heavy chain fractional rate of synthesis was only 22 % of in vivo levels .
In contrast , the RAD51 and RAD52 genes are essential for homothallic mating - type switching .
[ Molecular functions of cofilin which regulates reorganization of actin cytoskeleton ] .
Cardiac hypertrophy and the steady state level of the " fetal " genes , ANP , alpha - skeletal actin ( alpha - skA ) , and beta myosin heavy chain ( beta - MHC ) mRNAs were assessed .
However , disassembly of the actin cytoskeleton using Latrunculin - A does not alter verprolin ' s location , indicating that verprolin establishes and maintains its location independent of the actin cytoskeleton .
In isolated hearts , PD 81 , 723 alone produced only a small stimulus to His bundle ( S - H ) interval prolongation of 1 . 5 to 4 msec , which was completely reversed by the A1 adenosine receptor antagonist 8 - cyclopentyltheophylline and adenosine deaminase .
How profilin / barbed - end synergy controls actin polymerization : a kinetic model of the ATP hydrolysis circuit .
The interaction between calf spleen profilin and actin depends critically on the status of the C - terminus of the actin , and in the case of profilin , the C - terminus is of great importance for the physiochemical behaviour of the protein .
It therefore appears that myosin heavy chain and actin multigene families are both expressed in a species specific fashion but are independently regulated within a species .
In vivo importance of actin nucleotide exchange catalyzed by profilin .
Here , we prepared a profilin mutant ( H119E ) defective in actin binding , but retaining the ability to bind to other proteins .
However , leptin did constrain the enhanced PLC - mediated insulin secretion characteristic of islets from ob / ob mice , without influencing release from islets of lean mice
Amyloid beta protein stimulation of phospholipase C was absent from LA - N - 2 cells previously treated with norepinephrine , trans - 1 - amino - 1 , 3 - cyclopentanedicarboxylic acid ( t - ACPD ) , bombesin , or amyloid beta peptide
Similarly , carbachol , but not AVP or DDAVP , induced a significant increase in membrane - associated protein kinase C ( PKC ) enzyme activity
Pretreatment with pertussis toxin ( PTX , 1 microgram / ml ) for 2 hr failed to alter the OT - induced increase in [ Ca2 + ] i and IP3 formation
AVP and OT secretory patterns during insulin ( 0 . 15 IU / kg , i . v . ) - tolerance tests ( ITT ) were examined in seven normal male subjects with ( experimental tests ) and without ( control test ) concomitant treatment with L - NAME ( 40 micrograms / kg injected plus 50 micrograms / kg infused , i . v . ) , the GABAergic agent sodium valproate ( 600 mg in three divided doses orally ) or the combination of L - NAME and sodium valproate
In conclusion , 1 ) UCP - 2 messenger ribonucleic acid expression in sc adipose tissue is inversely related to adiposity and independently linked to local plasma leptin levels ; and 2 ) UCP - 2 expression is not acutely regulated by food intake , insulin , or fatty acids
Endometrial IP3 was increased within 30 seconds after OT treatment and preceded the increase in PGF2 alpha release stimulated by OT
OBJECTIVE : To assess the effect of chronic treatment with CGP - 12177 a beta3 - adrenergic receptor ( AR ) agonist with beta2 / beta1 - AR antagonist action , on the expression of the leptin gene and of genes coding for uncoupling proteins ( ucp1 , ucp2 and ucp3 ) in brown and white adipose tissues
The diminution of glucose transport secondary to inhibition of PLC activity was reflected by a decrease in GLUT4 translocation to the plasma membrane upon either EGF or insulin stimulation
Treatment with ( + ) - trifluoro - ABA strongly inhibited the gibberellic acid - inducible expression of alpha - amylase I - 1 encoded by RAmy1A in the aleurone layers of embryoless half - seeds at the levels of transcription , protein synthesis , and enzyme activity
On the basis of far - Western blot and plasmon resonance ( BIAcore ) experiments , we show here that recombinant bovine prion protein ( bPrP ) ( 25 - 242 ) strongly interacts with the catalytic alpha / alpha ' subunits of protein kinase CK2 ( also termed ' casein kinase 2 ' )
Therefore , it was examined whether stimulation of Swiss 3T3 cells with insulin causes changes in the subcellular distribution of EGF receptors and phospholipase Cgamma1 that could potentially explain the observed synergy or costimulation .
Using reverse transcriptase - polymerase chain reaction analysis , the mRNA expression of fatty acid translocase ( FAT ) / CD36 , PPAR - gamma2 , leptin , uncoupling protein ( UCP ) - 2 and UCP - 3 , and tumor necrosis factor ( TNF ) - alpha was investigated in gluteal subcutaneous fat biopsies before and after 5 h infusions of saline or Intralipid ( Pharmacia and Upjohn , Milan , Italy ) plus heparin , which does not modify insulinemia
To further investigate neural effects on leptin and uncoupling proteins ( UCPs ) , we studied in vivo perturbations intended to block adrenergic input to peripheral tissues
Leptin may act as a negative feedback signal to the hypothalamic control of appetite through suppression of neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) secretion and stimulation of cocaine and amphetamine regulated transcript ( CART ) .
In obese ( db / db ) animals , brown fat was composed mainly of small unilocular , UCP - positive adipocytes ( mean diameter : 40 . 08 microns ) , which were also leptin - positive
In HVSMC both oxytocin and AVP increased inositol 1 , 4 , 5 - trisphosphate ( IP3 ) production and [ Ca2 + ] i response , but the efficacy of the responses was greater for oxytocin than AVP
Gamma - aminobutyric acid mediation of the inhibitory effect of nitric oxide on the arginine vasopressin and oxytocin responses to insulin - induced hypoglycemia
By comparison with the promoters of alpha - amylase genes , which are also induced by GA , we suggest that GARE is coupled with the upstream element and the pyrimidine box to form a GA response complex
In marked contrast , intracerebroventricular leptin administration was accompanied by the maintenance of high UCP1 , UCP2 , and UCP3 expression in all these tissues
With regard to CK2 , phosphorylation occurs at Ser 154 with a stoichiometry of about 0 . 1 mol phosphate / mol rbPrP , which is doubled by mild heat treatment of rbPrP
Here we show that leptin alters in pancreatic islets the mRNA of the genes encoding enzymes of free fatty acid metabolism and uncoupling protein - 2 ( UCP - 2 )
Furthermore , in SN - 56 / OBR cells both CNTF and leptin produce changes in neurotransmitter and neuropeptide phenotype characteristic of cholinergic neurons , such as an increase in choline acetyltransferase and vasoactive intestinal polypeptide , and a decrease in neuropeptide Y expression
These results indicate that UCP gene expressions during pregnancy are regulated tissue - dependently , and up - regulation of uterine UCP2 and UCP3 mRNA may be due to increased leptin levels
We previously reported that adiposity and serum leptin levels increase with age in male F - 344xBN rats and that when physiological levels of serum leptin are manipulated by fasting , there is a corresponding reciprocal change in hypothalamic neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) mRNA in young rats , but there are no changes in older rats
The body mass index ( BMI ) , leptin , plasma neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) , serotonin , thyroxine ( T4 ) , triiodothyronine ( T3 ) and reverse triiodothyronine ( rT3 ) in serum were evaluated for each subject
These findings support the concept that the mitochondrial metabolism of nutrient molecules is an event sufficient to acutely augment insulin release from the beta cell , to increase phospholipase C - mediated phosphoinositide hydrolysis , and to induce time - dependent potentiation of insulin secretion
Both receive information about the nutritional status and the level of energy storage through insulin and leptin signaling mediated by specific receptors located on POMC and NPY neurons present predominantly in the arcuate nucleus ( ARC ) .
Amyloid beta protein disruption of cholinergic and growth factor phospholipase C signals could underlie cognitive and neurodegerative aspects of Alzheimer ' s disease
Oxytocin stimulates IP3 production in dose - dependent fashion as well
Quantitative studies at early times demonstrated that cycloheximide treatment of aleurone layers increased mRNA levels 4 - fold , whereas a combination of gibberellin plus cycloheximide treatment was required to increase alpha - amylase mRNA levels to the same extent
Moreover , A beta 25 - 35 had no effect on basal PIP2 - PLC activity and cytosolic PI - PLC and PIP2 - PLC
Further investigation suggested that activation of protein kinase C ( PKC ) , which is part of the AVP - induced intracellular signalling pathway , is necessary and sufficient for the generation of the synergistic response , although it is not obligatory for AVP - induced ACTH release
The effects of full - length amyloid beta protein , A ( beta ) ( 1 - 40 ) , on phosphoinositide - specific phospholipase C ( PLC ) were investigated in synaptic plasma membranes ( SPM ) and cytosol prepared from the cerebral cortex of adult rats
The resulting abnormally phosphorylated PrPsc aggregates to freshly synthesized PrPc , transforming it into same ; due to a system of positive feedback invoked by the organophosphate - induced blockage of a prion protein - specific protein kinase .
These results demonstrate that chronic central infusion to produce a persistent elevation of the cytokine at pathophysiological levels ( a situation that may normally manifest during infection , injury and inflammation ) produced severe anorexia and weight loss in conjunction with reduction in both serum leptin concentrations and hypothalamic NPY gene expression
Effect of residual endogenous insulin secretion on the abnormal oxytocin response to hypoglycaemia in insulin - dependent diabetics
Ischemia - reperfusion injury had no effect on Abeta - evoked alterations of synaptic plasma membrane - bound PI - PLC
Three experiments ( Exp ) assessed the influence of stage of the estrous cycle , pregnancy , and intrauterine infusion of ovine conceptus secretory proteins ( oCSP ) on turnover of inositol trisphosphate ( the putative second - messenger for oxytocin - stimulated secretion of prostaglandin F2 alpha ) in ovine endometrium during luteolysis and maternal recognition of pregnancy
Ca2 + signalling in rat vascular smooth muscle cells : a role for protein kinase C at physiological vasoconstrictor concentrations of vasopressin
OBJECTIVE : In order to elucidate the roles of inositol trisphosphate ( IP3 ) and oxytocin ( OT ) receptors in rabbit parturition , the concentration of IP3 induced by OT and the OT receptor levels were determined in rabbit myometria before and after parturition
Vasopressin stimulates tyrosine phosphorylation by activation of PKC in the rat smooth muscle cell line , A - 10
Protein kinase C ( PKC ) inhibitors reversed AVP inhibition , whereas PKC activator inhibited nitrite production
Next , we determined that leptin decreases NPY and increases UCP gene expression
A loop system exists between hypothalamic neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) and peripheral adipose tissue leptin to maintain normal body homeostasis
Leptin has been demonstrated to decrease or down regulate NPY expression and increase POMC expression
8 - OH - DPAT also increased insulin and decreased CCK and somatostatin levels , effects that were blocked by pretreatment with the oxytocin antagonist
Leptin increases uncoupling protein expression and energy expenditure
These results suggest that APP - S secretion and A beta production in NT2N neurons are regulated by the muscarinic / phospholipase C signal transduction pathway
At the periphery of the interscapular brown adipose tissue depot , unilocular , UCP - negative adipocytes ( mean diameter : 41 . 55 microns ) with white - type mitochondria were observed , and these cells were leptin - positive
The insulin concentrations effective in modulating PP2A , PKA , cAMP - PDE , and GPI - PLC activities correlate well with those required for half - saturation of the specific binding sites as well as for stimulation of protein phosphorylation and glycogen accumulation
Since previous studies showed that AVP secretion is influenced by the persistence of residual endogenous insulin secretion , we wondered whether this factor also regulates OT secretion
To assess the possible involvement of PKC in AVP and IL - 1 action in Leydig cells , the PKC inhibitor Calphostin C was tested
Dietary intakes of flavonols , flavones and isoflavones by Japanese women and the inverse correlation between quercetin intake and plasma LDL cholesterol concentration
A single i . c . v . injection of leptin decreased cumulative food intake and body weight gain , and increased UCP - 1 mRNA expression during 3 h at the onset of the dark phase
For example , leptin suppresses neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) expression in the arcuate nucleus
We previously showed that arginine vasopressin ( AVP ) stimulates heat shock protein 27 ( HSP27 ) induction through protein kinase C activation in aortic smooth muscle A10 cells
In order to establish whether melatonin alters basal and / or stimulated oxytocin secretion , 18 normal men were treated ( p . o . ) with 6 or 12 mg melatonin or placebo in basal conditions ( N - 6 subjects ) or concomitantly to the administration of insulin ( O . 15 IU / kg body weight in an i . v . bolus ) ( N - 6 subjects ) or angiotensin II ( increasing doses of 4 , 8 and 16 ng / kg / min , at intervals of 20 min )
In summary , UCP subtype mRNA and protein are regulated in tissue - and subtype - specific fashion by leptin and food restriction
Leptin effects on pulsatile gonadotropin releasing hormone secretion from the adult rat hypothalamus and interaction with cocaine and amphetamine regulated transcript peptide and neuropeptide Y [ In Process Citation ]
Administration of OT ( 1 microM ) for 15 sec increased inositol 1 , 4 , 5 - trisphosphate ( IP3 ) formation by 61 %
Interleukin - 1 beta inhibits phospholipase C and insulin secretion at sites apart from KATP channel
When the ovariectomized pregnant rabbits were treated with estrogen , OT receptors in the myometrium were induced , and OT acquired the ability to stimulate IP3 formation
Our results , ie higher mean plasma NPY levels in postmenopausal diabetic women and positive correlation of CCK with leptin and insulin , may suggest the role of these neuropeptides in metabolic disorders leading to type 2 diabetes mellitus
Thus NPY stimulates the responses used to obtain food but inhibits those used to consume food , and leptin has the opposite effects
The Ca2 + ionophore , A23187 or ionomycin , mimicked the effect of AVP , whereas the protein kinase C ( PKC ) activator , TPA , only induced a slight increase in AA release
Both p - nitrophenylphosphatidylcholine hydrolytic activity and liposome lytic activity of insulin - phospholipase C conjugate were inhibited in the presence of insulin antiserum
Intracerebroventricular injections of 200 ng oxytocin caused a significant rise not only of insulin but also of glucagon and glucose levels
Thus tolbutamide and diazoxide regulate both PLC - linked Ca ( 2 + ) signaling and insulin secretion from pancreatic beta - cells by modulating K ( ATP ) channels , thereby determining voltage - sensitive Ca ( 2 + ) influx
OT evokes the release of Ca2 + from IP3 - sensitive intracellular stores
Once the abnormally phosphorylated abnormal prion protein isoform agent is initiated , any stress event ensuing in adult life induces a nerve growth factor - mediated synthesis of normal cellular prion protein isoform that aggregates to abnormally phosphorylated abnormal prion protein isoform , thereby becoming ' infected ' / transformed into the same ; due to the vicious circle of positive feedback invoked by the blocking of a prion protein - specific kinase
Denervation suppressed mRNA levels for UCP - 2 ( 49 % ) , UCP - 3 ( 36 % ) , and COX - IV ( 59 % ) and eliminated the acute response to leptin in SM
These results indicate that PKC is upstream of the phosphorylation , a motion which is supported by the fact that the AVP - stimulated phosphorylation was downregulated by phorbol esters
The present studies compared the effects of insulin in rat adipocytes with the effects of oxytocin and peroxovanadate , which mimic some effects of insulin
Tolbutamide and diazoxide modulate phospholipase C - linked Ca ( 2 + ) signaling and insulin secretion in beta - cells
Endothelin - 1 and oxytocin stimulated inositol phosphate accumulation at concentrations similar to those that promoted 45Ca2 + efflux , whereas about 100 times higher concentrations of PGF2 alpha were needed to activate this signaling pathway in intact cells
One function of leptin in control of body composition is thus to target a PKC - regulated component of the PLC - PKC signaling system within islets to prevent hypersecretion of insulin
A reduction of food intake imposed on control rats ( pair - feeding ) , aimed at mimicking leptin - induced hyperphagia , produced a marked decrease in the expression of muscle uncoupling protein - 3 ( UCP - 3 ) , whereas ICV infusion of leptin prevented such a decrease in UCP - 3
Two nanograms oxytocin given ICV had no effect on glucagon and glucose levels but caused a significant rise in insulin levels at this time point
These data suggest that the in vivo gene expression of FAT / CD36 , PPAR - gamma2 , leptin , UCP - 2 , UCP - 3 , and TNF - alpha in subcutaneous adipose tissue is regulated by circulating lipids independent of insulin and that prolonged hyperlipidemia may therefore contribute to increased fat metabolism and storage as a result of the increased expression of these proteins
Blood samples for OT assay were taken just before the rapid injection of insulin ( time 0 ) and at time 15 , 30 , 45 and 60 min
We propose that OT binds to specific OT receptors ( OTR ) on the endometrium to stimulate phosphoinositide ( PI ) hydrolysis , thereby activating the inositol trisphosphate ( IP3 ) - diacylglycerol ( DAG ) second - messenger system to promote pulsatile PGF2 alpha secretion
This effect is maximal at 10 ( - 8 ) M AVP ( a concentration clearly above the normal physiological range of AVP concentrations ) and involves the V2 receptor pathway , while activation of protein kinase C or changes in intracellular calcium are ineffective
The inhibitory action of AVP involves both the activation of PKC and the transcription of iNOS mRNA in cultured rat GMC
The current study demonstrates that leptin rapidly influences the secretion of hypothalamic NPY and CRH and that these actions of leptin within the hypothalamus are restrained by the presence of endogenous corticosterone
During luteinization of bovine granulosa cells in vitro in the presence of insulin , or insulin plus forskolin , there is a massive upregulation not only of progesterone production , but also of the gene for the peptide hormone oxytocin , with secretion of the peptide into the medium
We aimed at studying the effects of leptin , CART and NPY on the hypothalamic control of the pituitary - gonadal system .
We also show that bPrP counteracts the inhibition of calmodulin phosphorylation promoted by the regulatory beta subunits of CK2
The responses of serum oxytocin ( OT ) and vasopressin ( AVP ) to the serotonergic HT1A agonist buspirone ( 15 mg p . o . ) or the HTD1 agonist sumatriptan ( 6 mg injected subcutaneously ) were evaluated in 7 normal men either in basal conditions or during an insulin ( 0 . 15 iu / kg as an i . v . bolus ) tolerance test ( ITT )
The ARC NPY neurones are stimulated by starvation , probably mediated by falls in circulating leptin and insulin ( which both inhibit these neurones ) , and contribute to the increased hunger in this and other conditions of energy deficit
To further understand the possible role of protein phosphatases 1 and 2A in the GA - dependent expression of Osamy - c , we isolated cDNA clones encoding protein phosphatase 1 and protein phosphatase 2A from a rice aleurone cDNA library
Plasma oxytocin , and some functionally related peptides ( CCK , gastrin , somatostatin and insulin ) , were measured by standard radioimmunoassay techniques
In addition , abscisic acid - mediated inhibition of gibberellin - stimulated responses seems to depend on the activation of a phospholipase D during induction of alpha - amylase in barley aleurone cells as well as on a putative acetyltransferase involved in elongation growth .
UCP2 , UCP3 and leptin gene expression : modulation by food restriction and leptin
Calphostin C and ET - 18 - OCH ( 3 ) , inhibitors of protein kinase C , reduced the phosphorylation of p38 MAP kinase by AVP
It is possible that this phospholipase C stimulation by amyloid beta protein is a receptor - mediated process
Furthermore , treatment of isolated rat diaphragms and adipocytes with PIG - P as well as with other agents exerting partially insulin - mimetic activity , such as PI - specific phospholipase C ( PLC ) and the sulfonylurea glimepiride , triggered tyrosine phosphorylation of the caveolar marker protein caveolin , which was apparently correlated with stimulation of lipogenesis
Gibbestatin B inhibits the GA - induced expression of alpha - amylase expression in cereal seeds [ In Process Citation ]
Surprisingly , however , when islets were depolarized directly using either of two agonists , glyburide ( which does not act via generation of purine nucleotides ) or 40 mM K + ( which acts distal to KATP channel ) , PLC and insulin secretion were again obliterated by IL - 1 beta
The addition of AVP increased protein kinase C activity in cardiac myocytes , and its effect was significantly inhibited in the presence of calphostin C
The PKC - specific inhibitors bisindolylmaleimide and Go 6976 abolish insulin - induced PLD2 activation in HEK - 293 cells co - expressing the insulin receptor , PLCgamma and PLD2 , confirming that not only PLD1 , but PLD2 as well , is regulated in a PKC - dependent manner .
CONCLUSION : Oxy increases insulin release through both PLC and non - PLC mediated signal transduction mechanisms
GPI - PLC was most pronouncedly stimulated by authentic human insulin compared to various insulin analogues and insulin - like growth factor I
The specific protein kinase C ( PKC ) inhibitor chelerythrine ( 5 micrometers ) inhibited PTH - , AVP - , PGE2 - , and adenosine - stimulated Ca2 + reabsorption by 77 % , 67 % , 79 % , and 100 % , respectively
Propranolol , a beta adrenergic antagonist , 7 - chloro - kynurenic acid , a metabotropic amino acid antagonist , and [ Tyr4 - D - Phe12 ] bombesin , a bombesin antagonist , blunted the A beta P stimulation of phospholipase C activity in [ 3H ] inositol prelabeled LA - N - 2 cells
These results indicate that OT induces endometrial IP3 production in a rapid manner indicative of a second - messenger system
When the alpha2 - adrenoreceptor agonist clonidine ( 2 . 5 microgram / kg intracerebroventricularly ) was administered 3 days after the 5 - day treatment period with oxytocin or saline , plasma levels of insulin and CCK increased significantly ( p < 0 . 05 ) in the oxytocin - treated rats , when compared to saline - treated controls receiving clonidine only
Leptin Rapidly Inhibits Hypothalamic Neuropeptide Y Secretion and Stimulates Corticotropin - Releasing Hormone Secretion in Adrenalectomized Mice
HvSPY coexpression largely abolished GA3 - induced activity of an alpha - amylase promoter .
Strikingly , in adipocytes subjected to combined trypsin / salt treatment , PIG - P , PI - specific PLC , and glimepiride failed completely to provoke insulin - mimetic effects
Oxytocin central injections to intact animals stimulated insulin synthesis and secretion without changing of islets area
The aggregated form of A beta 25 - 35 significantly inhibited PIP2 - PLC only in the presence of endogenous CaCl2
In contrast , leptin decreased body weight and adiposity , increased CART and suppressed NPY and AGRP mRNA expression in adult mice
Therefore , it is suggested that the insulin - induced coclustering of the EGF receptor with phospholipase Cgamma1 at the actin arc may allow for greater efficiency of signal transduction , resulting in the synergy observed for these two hormones in stimulation of DNA synthesis .
To determine the functional significance of the interaction of PLCgamma and the IR , we used a specific inhibitor of PLC , U73122 , or microinjection of SH2 domain glutathione S - transferase fusion proteins derived from PLCgamma to block insulin - stimulated GLUT4 translocation
The physiologic regulation of glucose - induced insulin secretion is dependent upon the activation of information flow in the phospholipase C ( PLC ) / protein kinase C ( PKC ) signal transduction system
Intraperitoneal 6HDA , 100 mg / kg , as a single dose at 1800 , increased plasma leptin approximately twofold after 18 - 20 h , increased IBAT ( but not epididymal fat ) leptin mRNA by two - to threefold , and decreased IBAT UCP - 3 mRNA to 30 - 40 % of control
CONCLUSIONS : These results suggest that the formation of IPs by OT , the OT receptor levels in the myometrium , and the production of PGF2 in the decidua might play crucial roles in parturition
These results show that AVP - induced AA release in H9c2 cells is secondary to activation of the V1 receptor / Gq protein / PLCP pathway , leading to an influx of extracellular Ca2 + and activation of PKCalpha , betaI , epsilon , and delta
Arginine vasopressin ( AVP ) and lysophosphatidic acid ( LPA ) have been shown to stimulate protein kinase C ( PKC ) and mitogen - activated protein ( MAP ) kinases and the proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells
Oxytocin ( OT ) and vasopressin ( AVP ) stimulate insulin and glucagon release from the pancreas , and evoke insulin secretion from the rat insulinoma cell line , RINm5F
Species differences in the location of the Ca2 + - dependent PKC isoforms suggest differences in function such as the relaying of photic or non - photic information to the clock mechanism , or the synchronization of AVP neurons and their subsequent output signals
We measured concentrations of NPY and CRH in specific hypothalamic regions [ i . e . , arcuate nucleus ( ARC ) , paraventricular nucleus ( PVN ) , ventromedial nucleus and dorsomedial nucleus ] of 7 - to 8 - wk - old lean and ob / ob mice at 1 or 3 h after intracerebroventricular leptin administration
Only oxytocin alone increased the formation of IPs in cells from ovariectomized pigs treated with estradiol in vivo ( p < 0 . 01 )
Chronic central leptin infusion enhances insulin - stimulated glucose metabolism and favors the expression of uncoupling proteins
In this study , we examined the effects of fasting for 2 days and exogenous s . c . leptin , 200 microg every 8 h for 2 days , on the regulation of uncoupling protein ( UCP ) subtypes in brown adipose tissue ( BAT ) and gastrocnemius muscle
Leptin increases the expression of uncoupling proteins ( UCP - 1 , - 2 , - 3 ) and thus energy dissipation
( 2E , 4E ) - 2 - Fluoro - 5 - ( 1 ' - hydroxy - 2 ' , 6 ' , 6 ' - trimethyl - 2 ' - cyclohexen - 1 ' - yl ) - 3 - methyl - 2 , 4 - pentadienoic acid ( 5b ) showed potent inhibitory activity at the same level as ABA in the cress seed germination test , and 5b also inhibited gibberellin - inducible alpha - amylase induction at 4 x 10 ( - ) ( 6 ) , 3 times the concentration of ABA ( 1 x 10 ( - ) ( 6 ) ) for 50 % inhibition of alpha - amylase production
To elucidate the pathophysiologic significance of UCP3 and UCP2 in the effect of TZDs on glucose metabolism and energy expenditure , we examined their basal mRNA levels in the WAT , brown adipose tissue ( BAT ) , and skeletal muscle from Wistar fatty rats , a rat model of NIDDM and obesity with leptin receptor defect , and investigated expression of the genes encoding UCP3 and UCP2 in Wistar fatty rats and in Wistar lean rats with 2 - week oral administration of 3 mg x kg ( - 1 ) x day ( - 1 ) pioglitazone , a TZD derivative
The data suggest that mammalian insulin - sensitive cells and yeast share ( part of ) the key regulatory mechanism ( consisting of PP2A , PKA , cAMP - PDE , and GPI - PLC ) involved in the transduction of the insulin signal from the respective receptor systems to glycogen synthase and phosphorylase
Isolation and characterization of gibbestatin B , an inhibitor of gibberellin - induced expression of alpha - amylase , and gibbestatin C from streptomycetaes
The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of hCG , hCG plus oxytocin and oxytocin on [ 3H ] inositol phosphate ( IP ) formations in porcine myometrial cells obtained from ovariectomized and cyclic gilts
Inhibition of PLC activation did not impair either EGF - or insulin - induced activation of glycogen synthase or incorporation of glucose into lipid , supporting the hypothesis that both EGF - and insulin - induced glucose disposal can be independent of GLUT4 - mediated glucose transport .
CONCLUSIONS : These data indicate that a residual endogenous insulin secretion exerts a partial protective action against the hypothalamic - pituitary disorder affecting the OT secretory system in IDDM
These results argue that Ca ( 2 + ) - dependent PKC is involved in the action of AVP , and that of other agonists , which stimulate sodium transport
Previous studies have demonstrated that the nitric oxide ( NO ) synthase inhibitor L - NAME exerts positive effects on the arginine vasopressin ( AVP ) and oxytocin ( OT ) responses to insulin - induced hypoglycemia , suggesting inhibitory actions of NO
Interestingly , coinfusion of this regimen of NPY with the highly effective anorectic and body reducing effects of CNTF ( 5 . 0 microg / day ) not only prevented the CNTF - induced anorexia and weight loss , but also normalized serum leptin concentrations and hypothalamic NPY gene expression
Insulin secretion , inositol phosphate levels , and phospholipase C isozymes in rodent pancreatic islets
The experiments were concluded by taking blood samples for later analysis of plasma glucose and plasma levels of the following hormones : insulin , gastrin , CCK , glucagon , somatostatin , oxytocin and corticosterone
To understand the molecular mechanism of gibberellin - dependent gene regulation , the effect of three phosphatase inhibitors on the germination of rice seeds and the expression of a target gene , the alpha - amylase gene , Osamy - c , were measured
C75 inhibited expression of the prophagic signal neuropeptide Y in the hypothalamus and acted in a leptin - independent manner that appears to be mediated by malonyl - coenzyme A
It is suggested that this observed amyloid beta protein stimulation of phospholipase C may be responsible for the elevated quantity of inositol seen in the brains of Alzheimer ' s disease patients
As the GPI - PLC reaction is rate limiting , the efficiency of the two - step anchor cleavage was significantly increased when insulin was present together with glucose as compared to glucose alone
The lipolytic rate was assessed through glycerol release after incubation with leptin and NPY at concentrations ranging from 10 ( - 6 ) to 10 ( - 12 ) M in isolated adipocytes obtained from female rats
SP ewes also had greater incorporation of [ 3H ] inositol into inositol trisphosphate ( IP3 ) ( + 3449 % , p less than 0 . 01 ) and total inositol phosphate ( IP ) ( + 760 % , p less than 0 . 08 ) , in response to oxytocin , than did oCSP ewes ( + 553 and + 168 % for IP3 and total IP , respectively ) in endometrium collected at ovariectomy / hysterectomy on Day 16
The distribution of arginine - vasopressin ( AVP ) cells in the SCN overlapped with that of PKC in both species
An inhibitor of PKC , Ro31 - 8220 ( 10 microM ) , abolished the ability of PDBu to decrease [ Ca ( 2 + ) ] ( i ) , without affecting the response to maximal or submaximal concentrations of AVP
The effect of AVP was also inhibited in the presence of the protein kinase C inhibitor calphostin C
All these results suggest that d1 affects a part of the GA - signaling pathway , namely the induction of alpha - amylase in the aleurone layer and internode elongation
These results suggest that the overall effect of leptin on glucose utilization and on the expression of UCPs may be mediated through central mechanism
Fasting also significantly decreased BAT UCP - 1 protein expression , to 67 % of control ; however , that effect was not prevented by leptin treatment
However , neither progesterone nor insulin increased phosphotyrosine on PLCgamma
The effects of prostaglandin F2 alpha ( PGF2 alpha ) on intracellular Ca2 + concentration ( [ Ca2 + ] i ) and inositol phosphate ( IP ) generation in human myometrial cells were evaluated and compared to the effects of oxytocin
Although osmotic stimuli cause an increase in nitric oxide synthase ( NOS ) activity as well as synthesis of AVP and oxytocin in the paraventricular ( PVN ) and supraoptic nuclei ( SON ) , it is not known whether NOS activity in the hypothalamus changes in the diabetic patients who have plasma hyperosmolality with hyperglycaemia caused by insulin deficiency
METHODS : We have therefore studied possible associations of the Gln27Glu and the Gly16Arg polymorphisms in the beta2AR with BMI , plasma leptin and UCP - 1 mRNA expression in the intraperitoneal adipose tissue in a population of Caucasian women
PKB , which is an important early PI 3 - kinase - dependent component of insulin signalling pathways , is also down - regulated by PLC - coupled agonists
Furthermore , no association was found between the Gln27Glu or the Gly16Arg polymorphisms and plasma leptin or adipose tissue UCP - 1 gene expression in either group
During wk 6 , milk yield and dry matter intake ( DMI ) were recorded daily , and plasma concentrations of glucose , nonesterified fatty acids , urea , protein , growth hormone , insulin , insulin - like growth factor I , oxytocin , and prolactin were determined
In conclusion , leptin and NPY show separate permissive effects on GnRH secretion in the adult rat hypothalamus .
Oxy - induced insulin release was not altered by pretreatment with pertussis toxin ( PT )
To determine whether UCP - 2 does , in fact , have uncoupling activity and , if so , whether such activity would favorably influence the abnormalities in leptin - unresponsive UCP - 2 - underexpressing islets of diabetic ZDF rats , we transferred the UCP - 2 gene to the islets of diabetic ZDF rats and lean ( + / + ) ZDF control rats
The effects of the posterior - pituitary peptides oxytocin ( OT ) , arginine - vasopressin ( AVP ) and lysine - vasopressin ( LVP ) on insulin and glucagon secretion were examined in adult sheep
Aggregated beta amyloid peptide 1 - 40 decreases Ca2 + - and cholinergic receptor - mediated phosphoinositide degradation by alteration of membrane and cytosolic phospholipase C in brain cortex
It has been suggested that insulin secretion from pancreatic islets may be mediated in part by activation of phospholipases C ( PLCs ) and phosphoinositide hydrolysis .
The effects of the fluorinated analogues were evaluated on inhibition of cress seed germination and inhibition of gibberellin - inducible alpha - amylase induction in embryoless barley half - seeds
Neurotransmitters and hormones , such as arginine vasopressin ( AVP ) and bombesin , evoke frequency - modulated repetitive Ca2 + transients in insulin - secreting HIT - T15 cells by binding to receptors linked to phospholipase C ( PLC )
When leptin signaling is defective , through a defect in either the receptor ( Zucker fa / fa rat , cp / cp rat , and db / db mouse ) or in the peptide itself ( ob / ob mouse ) , the NPY system is upregulated as shown by mRNA overexpression and increased peptide release , whereas the content and / or release of some inhibitory peptides ( neurotensin , cholecystokinin ) are diminished .
DESIGN : Case - control study : the OT response to insulin - induced hypoglycaemia was measured in normal and diabetic patients with or without residual endogenous insulin secretion
The maximal insulin responses induced by OT and AVP were very similar , but the threshold and maximal doses of AVP for increasing plasma insulin were higher than those of OT
The relative risks between highest and lowest quarters of flavonoid intake adjusted for age , smoking , serum cholesterol concentration , blood pressure , and body mass index were 0 . 69 ( 95 % confidence interval 0 . 53 to 0 . 90 ) and 0 . 54 ( 0 . 33 to 0 . 87 ) for total and coronary mortality , respectively
The second class of mutant , gse ( GA sensitivity ) , differed principally in GA sensitivity , requiring approximately 100 - fold higher [ GA3 ] for both leaf elongation and alpha - amylase production by aleurone
Signal transduction in pancreatic beta - cells : Regulation of insulin secretion by information flow in the phospholipase C / Protein kinase C pathway
Obesity occurs in 60 % of women after menopause and is characterized by an excess of adipose tissue that depends on several orexigenic ( neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) stimulates carbohydrate ingestion , galanin stimulates fat intake ) and anorectic ( leptin , cholecystokinin ( CCK ) ) factors
Fasting and leptin modulate adipose and muscle uncoupling protein : divergent effects between messenger ribonucleic acid and protein expression
Recently several significant advances have been made in this area , including the identification of the appetite regulating hormone , leptin , and a detailed understanding of its targets in the central nervous system ( CNS ) , such as neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) and the melanocortin - 4 receptor
Analyses of hormone regulation of expression of mRNA for the aleurone RNase revealed that , like the pattern for alpha - amylase , mRNA levels increased in the presence of gibberellic acid , and its antagonist abscisic acid prevented this effect
By directly regulating the expression of enzymes of free fatty acid metabolism and of UCP - 2 , leptin controls intracellular triglyceride content of certain nonadipocytes , as well as adipocytes
Despite the low levels of insulin - induced PLC activity , insulin - stimulated glucose transport activity was similarly inhibited by U73122 ( 55 . 9 + / - 13 . 1 % inhibition )
RESULTS : Oxy increased insulin release and [ Ca2 + ] i in a concentration - dependent manner
These findings are consistent with the concept that the underexpression of the nutrient - activated PLC isozyme may account for the minimal inositol phosphate ( IP ) and second - phase insulin secretory response from mouse islets
These analyses indicate that GNB inhibits the GA - induced expression of alpha - amylase by regulating one of the steps involved in ABA signaling , but not by acting as a weak ABA analog .
Hypothalamic neuropeptide Y and its neuroendocrine regulation by leptin
Leptin was equally effective in constraining the enhanced insulin release from islets of ob / ob mice caused by protein kinase C ( PKC ) activation , a downstream mediator of the PLC signal pathway
After protein kinase C activity was functionally depleted by treating cells with phorbol 12 - myristate 13 - acetate for 24 hours , AVP did not augment IL - 1beta - induced NO production
There was also a very significant increase of IP1 after the addition of 1000 mU hCG ( p < 0 . 001 ) and IP1 and IP3 when 1000 mU hCG plus oxytocin were added ( p < 0 . 001 and p < 0 . 01 , respectively )
The deduced consensus closely resembled gibberellin response elements in alpha - amylase promoters
While leptin maintains or favors energy - dissipating mechanisms ( UCP1 , UCP2 , and UCP3 ) , the latter are markedly depressed in pair - fed rats
The gibberellin - responsive elements conserved in cereal alpha - amylase genes are not included in the 5 ' - upstream region of Rep1 or RepA
We examined for the first time in young men effects of intravenous injections of NPY ( 4x50 or 100 microg , n = 9 and 11 , respectively , at 22 . 00 , 23 . 00 , 24 . 00 and 01 . 00 compared to saline ) on the sleep electroencephalogram ( EEG ; recorded from 23 . 00 to 07 . 00 ) and nocturnal secretion of adrenocorticotrophic hormone ( ACTH ) , cortisol , growth hormone ( GH ) , prolactin and leptin
Oxytocin - stimulated insulin release in a clonal beta - cell line RINm5F : involvement of phospholipase C - dependent and - independent pathways .
Leptin overexpression increased UCP - 2 mRNA by more than 10 - fold in epididymal , retroperitoneal , and subcutaneous fat tissue of normal , but not of leptin - receptor - defective obese rats
These data suggest that cAMP - dependent phosphorylation at a step involving GTP - binding protein / PLC coupling can exert a negative effect on the stimulation of IP3 formation by oxytocin and thereby affect contraction / relaxation in the myometrium
The total intake of flavonoids was inversely correlated with the plasma total cholesterol concentration ( TC ) ( r = - 0 . 236 , P : < 0 . 05 ) and plasma LDL cholesterol concentration ( LDL - C ) ( r = - 0 . 220 , P : < 0 . 05 ) , after the adjustment for age , body mass index and total energy intake
We examined daily food consumption , body weight , whole - body oxygen consumption , serum leptin , and NPY mRNA in the hypothalamus
Involvement of thyroid hormones in the effect of intracerebroventricular leptin infusion on uncoupling protein - 3 expression in rat muscle
Phosphoinositide hydrolysis , resulting in inositol trisphosphate ( IP3 ) and diacylglycerol ( DG ) formation , has been implicated in oxytocin - stimulated pulsatile secretion of prostaglandin F2 alpha ( PGF2 alpha ) from uterine endometrium of sheep and other mammals
The increase in GnRH pulse amplitude caused by leptin was totally prevented by coincubation with an anti - CART antiserum whereas it was not affected by coincubation with the NPY Y5 - receptor antagonist ( 10 ( - 7 ) M ) .
This action of leptin on PLC - mediated insulin secretion was dose - dependent , rapid - onset ( i . e . , within 3 min ) , and reversible
NPY - leptin : opposing effects on appetitive and consummatory ingestive behavior and sexual behavior
PI - PLC treatment of fetal guinea pig brain cultures substantially reduced the amount of Abeta40 and Abeta42 in the medium but had no effect on sAPPalpha
In conclusion , these results show that oxytocin induces long - lasting changes in plasma levels of gastrin , CCK and insulin , without affecting somatostatin or glucose levels
On Day 28 of pregnancy , OT receptors became detectable , and then OT could induce the formation of IPs
The expression of uterine UCP2 and UCP3 were up - regulated by 3 . 2 - and 1 . 5 - fold , respectively , during the late stage of pregnancy with an increase of WAT leptin mRNA expression and exogenous administration of leptin resulted in induction of the uterine UCP2 and UCP3 levels
Oxytocin ( OT ) is more expressed in the TEC / TNC than vasopressin ( VP ) ; insulin - like growth factor 2 ( IGF - 2 ) thymic expression predominates over IGF - 1 , and much more over ( pro ) insulin
Summing up , new evidence suggests that NPY and leptin may interact in a homeostatic loop to regulate body - fat mass and energy balance not only at the central nervous system level , but also directly at the adipocyte level
We suggest that AVP activates the 42 / 44kDa MAPKs through a signal transduction pathway that involves stimulation of AVP - V1 receptor , tyrosine kinase , PKC and MEK
They are needed for the catabolism of cholesterol , bile acids , and steroid hormones ; they hydrolyze a number of flavonoid glycosides to anticarcinogens ; and they detoxify certain carcinogens
Circadian fluctuations of NPY and leptin levels maintain normal body homeostasis
Overexpression of PLC - beta1 or - beta3 in normal rat islets elicits a larger increase in IP accumulation but , again , has no effect on insulin secretion .
In normal pancreatic islets , UCP - 2 is upregulated by leptin and is low in leptin - resistant islets of ZDF rats
Aggregated A ( beta ) also decreased significantly the level of diacylglycerol , the product of PLC
However , the in vivo modulation of leptin and UCPs appears complex and , beyond a causal effect of SNA per se , may depend on concurrent changes in plasma insulin , glucose , and circulatory hemodynamics
Significantly increased leptin and galanin levels in postmenopausal obese women coupled with decreased NPY levels revealed some changes in the neuropeptides regulating eating behavior , which may be the reason for the onset of postmenopausal obesity
This action of beta - amyloid 25 - 35 is not altered by pretreatment with the calcium channel blockers nifedipine or cobalt , with the depleter of intracellular calcium stores cyclopiazonic acid , or with the phospholipase C inhibitor neomycin
Current interest in reducing heart disease risks by diet involves attention to total fat ; saturated , monounsaturated , polyunsaturated and trans fatty acids , as well as dietary cholesterol , soluble fiber , salt , alcohol , antioxidants , dietary alterations causing homocysteinemia and other dietary constituents , such as flavonoid compounds in some soy products
These results suggest that T3 may increase UCP family expression independent of leptin action
Leptin may rapidly inhibit food intake by altering the secretion of hypothalamic neuropeptides such as neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) , a stimulator of food intake , and / or corticotropin - releasing hormone ( CRH ) , an inhibitor of food intake
Leptin and UCP ( 1 and 2 ) mRNA levels were determined by reverse transcription - polymerase chain reaction ( RT - PCR ) methodology in adipose tissue and gastrocnemius muscle
Leptin upregulates the expression of uncoupling protein - 2 ( UCP - 2 ) mRNA in islets of normal rats , but has no effect in islets of obese Zucker Diabetic Fatty ( ZDF ) rats with mutated leptin receptors
OBJECTIVE : To determine whether hormonal status may affect neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) , galanin , and leptin release in postmenopausal women and in young women
Three weeks after administration of STZ , the diabetic rats were subcutaneously treated with insulin for 1 week , which resulted in significant suppression of the induction of nNOS , AVP and oxytocin gene expression in the PVN and SON
However , both EGF and insulin stimulated the accumulation of phospholipase Cgamma1 at the actin arc , which was coincident with the EGF receptor in the case of insulin - stimulated cells .
Compared with the wild type , GA induction of alpha - amylase activity in aleurone cells of d1 was greatly reduced
The present study was designed to investigate how repeated injections of oxytocin influence plasma levels of vagally controlled hormones such as gastrin , cholecystokinin ( CCK ) , insulin and somatostatin , as well as of endogenous oxytocin and glucose
The protein kinase C ( PKC ) activator 4beta - phorbol 12 - myristate 13 - acetate ( PMA , 100 pM to 200 nM ) , also stimulated Ca2 + spiking and this effect was additive with a submaximal concentration of AVP ( 50 pM )
To study if leptin also has direct peripherally mediated effects on these processes , this hormone ( 1 mg / day ) or its vehicle was infused i . v . for 4 days to lean rats and insulin - stimulated glucose utilization in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue as well as the expression of UCP messenger RNAs ( mRNAs ) in brown adipose tissue were measured
In the fasting state UCP - 2 expression correlated inversely with body mass index ( r = - 0 . 45 ; P = 0 . 026 ) , percent body fat ( r = - 0 . 41 ; P = 0 . 05 ) , plasma insulin ( r = - 0 . 47 ; P = 0 . 02 ) , epigastric venous fatty acids ( r = - 0 . 45 ; P = 0 . 04 ) , and leptin ( r = - 0 . 50 ; P = 0 . 018 )
UCP - 2 expression remained inversely related with plasma leptin after controlling for percent body ( r = - 0 . 45 ; P = 0 . 038 )
In its non - aggregated form , Abeta 25 - 35 activates PI - PLC but in the aggregated form the enzymatic activity decreased
These findings suggest that the regulation of hypothalamic NPY mRNA by leptin may be impaired with age
In vivo effects of CGP - 12177 on the expression of leptin and uncoupling protein genes in mouse brown and white adipose tissues
In contrast , secretion of N1 remains unaffected by the inactive PDBu analog alphaPDD and by the protein kinase A effectors dibutyryl cAMP and forskolin
We investigated basal levels of serum leptin , CCK , galanin and NPY in 16 non - obese premenopausal women , in 15 obese premenopausal women ( body mass index ( BMI ) 34 . 6 + / - 1 . 3 SD ) and in ten obese postmenopausal women ( BMI 34 . 7 + / - 1 . 5 SD ) to determine the relationship between obesity , menopause and these neuropeptides
ARC NPY neurones also mediate hyperphagia and obesity in the ob / ob and db / db mice and fa / fa rat , in which leptin inhibition is lost through mutations affecting leptin or its receptor
Signal transduction of arginine vasopressin - induced arachidonic acid release in H9c2 cardiac myoblasts : role of Ca2 + and the protein kinase C - dependent activation of p42 mitogen - activated protein kinase
In these cells , AVP also causes the translocation of PKC from the cytosol to the cell membrane which is maximal at 5 min , but the intracellular events distal to protein kinase C activation that underlie ACTH secretion have not been well characterized to date
Thus , OT was proposed to be the self antigen of the neurohypophysial family , and IGF - 2 the self antigen precursor of the insulin family
The action of PGF2 alpha depends on extracellular Ca2 + , whereas oxytocin activates the G - protein - dependent phospholipase - C - IP3 - Ca2 + signal - transducing pathway , complemented by the influx of extracellular Ca2 +
Leptin infusion diminished hypothalamic NPY levels by nearly 50 % compared with pair - fed young rats , whereas there were no changes in the hypothalamic NPY mRNA levels in senescent rats
Sympathetic inhibition , leptin , and uncoupling protein subtype expression in normal fasting rats
In line with this , intracerebroventricular injection of NPY ( 10 microg ) stimulated and leptin ( 10 microg ) inhibited intake of a sucrose solution when female rats were required to obtain the solution from a bottle
Taken together , our results suggest that protein phosphatases PP1 or PP2A are involved in the GA - dependent expression of the rice Osamy - c gene , though the PP1 or / and PP2A enzymatic activities as well as mRNA levels do not increase upon GA3 treatment
Wortmannin converts insulin but not oxytocin from an antilipolytic to a lipolytic agent in the presence of forskolin
Association of the insulin receptor with phospholipase C - gamma ( PLCgamma ) in 3T3 - L1 adipocytes suggests a role for PLCgamma in metabolic signaling by insulin
The hydrophilic form of MDP released from the cells on stimulation with insulin was recognized by antibodies against the inositol 1 , 2 - cyclic monophosphate cross - reacting determinant , indicating that it had been generated by cleavage of its GPI anchor through the action of a phospholipase C
These results suggest that central leptin stimulates T3 production via an activation of T4 to T3 conversion , and that this stimulation could be responsible for the effect of leptin on muscle UCP - 3 expression
The aims of this study were : ( 1 ) to assess the effects of maternal undernutrition during pregnancy on adult offspring with regard to growth , body composition and plasma levels of glucose , insulin and corticosterone , and ( 2 ) to investigate whether oxytocin treatment early in life could ameliorate the adverse effects of food restriction in utero
Because the effect of carbachol on insulin secretion is thought to be mediated through muscarinic receptors that link to the Gq / 11 class of heterotrimeric G proteins , we also overexpressed G11alpha in INS - 1 cells , either alone or in concert with overexpression of PLC - beta1 or - beta3 .
Oxytocin - stimulated insulin release in a clonal beta - cell line RINm5F : involvement of phospholipase C - dependent and - independent pathways
These results indicate that oTP - 1 may prevent luteolysis by inhibiting development of endometrial responsiveness to oxytocin and , therefore , reduce oxytocin - induced synthesis of IP3 and PGF2 alpha
Pretreatment of HEK - 293 cells for 2 min with carbachol , a mAChR agonist , lysophosphatidic acid , or ATP , followed by agonist washout , strongly increased ( by 2 - 3 - fold ) maximal PLC stimulation ( measured > / = 40 min later ) by epidermal growth factor and platelet - derived growth factor , but not insulin , and largely enhanced PLC sensitivity to these RTK agonists
No rapid - onset effects of leptin on hypothalamic NPY or CRH concentrations were observed in intact mice
Leptin is a satiety factor which acts within the hypothalamus to decrease the levels of several neuropeptides stimulating food intake ( among them , neuropeptide Y [ NPY ] ) , while increasing those that inhibit food intake
In contrast , the potencies of oxytocin to raise IP and [ Ca2 + ] i were similar and independent of extracellular Ca2 + , and could be suppressed by pertussis toxin and phorbol ester , but not by verapamil
AVP - or TPA - induced activation and tyrosine phosphorylation of p42 MAPK were completely blocked by down - regulation of PKCalpha , betaI , epsilon , and delta , but still occurred , together with the cytosolic PLA2 mobility shift , in the absence of external Ca2 +
The purpose of this study was to determine whether the relatively modest fuel - stimulated insulin secretion responses of rodent beta - cell lines might be explained by inadequate expression or activation of PLC isoforms .
Fasting significantly decreased BAT UCP - 1 and UCP - 3 mRNA expression , to 31 % and 30 % of ad libitum fed controls , respectively , effects which were prevented by administration of leptin to fasted rats
Inhibition of 5 - HT3 serotonergic receptors with ondansetron ( 4 or 8 mg ) did not modify the basal secretion of AVP and OT and the OT response to insulin - induced hypoglycemia
To explore the possible roles of the hypothalamic melanocortin system in leptin action , we examined the effects of intracerebroventricular ( i . c . v . ) injection of leptin with or without SHU9119 , a potent antagonist of alpha - melanocyte stimulating hormone , on food intake , body weight , and mitochondrial uncoupling protein - 1 ( UCP - 1 ) mRNA expression in the brown adipose tissue ( BAT ) in rats
Insulin was conjugated to phospholipase C by a three - step procedure with hetero - bifunctional crosslinking reagents , succinimidyl 4 - ( N - maleimidomethyl ) cyclohexane - 1 - carboxylate and 3 - ( 2 - pyridyldithio ) propionic acid N - hydroxysuccinimide ester
A caveolin - 1 - dependent coupling of PrPc to the tyrosine kinase Fyn was observed
Enhanced phosphoinositide hydrolysis via overexpression of phospholipase C beta1 or delta1 inhibits stimulus - induced insulin release in insulinoma MIN6 cells .
If daily oxytocin injections are repeated over a 5 - day period , blood pressure is decreased by 10 - 20 mmHg , the withdrawal latency to heat stimuli is prolonged , cortisol levels are decreased and insulin and cholecystokinin levels are increased
These diminished responses to leptin were associated with and may be the result of an impaired suppression of hypothalamic NPY mRNA levels
Overall , our data indicate that the normal processing of PrP ( c ) is up - regulated by protein kinase C but not protein kinase A in human cells and murine neurons
Fasting , with or without leptin administration , did not affect BAT UCP - 2 mRNA ; however , leptin administration to ad libitum fed rats significantly increased BAT UCP - 2 mRNA , to 138 % of control
The glycosyl - phosphatidylinositol anchored protein , membrane dipeptidase ( EC 3 . 4 . 13 . 19 ) is released from the surface of 3T3 - L1 adipocytes in response to insulin treatment through the action of a phospholipase C
Thus , oxytocin administration stimulates insulin synthesis and secretion in intact and diabetic animals and this effect is more expressed with central injections
Long - term changes in gastrin , cholecystokinin and insulin in response to oxytocin treatment
These results support the hypothesis that OT stimulates phospholipase C to hydrolyze PI , yielding IP3 and DAG second - messengers which promote endometrial PGF2 alpha release during CL regression in pigs
Further , the oxytocin - induced activation of IK ( sl ) was effectively antagonized by 5 x 10 ( - 8 ) mol / l U - 73122 or 5 x 10 ( - 6 ) mol / l 2 - nitro - 4 - carboxyphenyl N , N - diphenylcarbamate ( inhibitors of the cell membrane phospholipase C ) , as well as by intracellularly applied heparin ( selective inhibitor of inositol - 1 , 4 , 5 - trisphosphate ( IP3 ) - induced Ca2 + release channels )
However , in the presence of high GA concentrations , alpha - amylase induction occurred even in d1
Insulin - induced hypoglycemia increased by 2 - fold ( peak vs . baseline ) plasma AVP and OT levels
Overexpression of G11alpha enhances IP accumulation , an effect slightly potentiated by co - overexpression of PLC - beta1 or - beta3 , but these maneuvers do not affect glucose or carbachol - stimulated insulin secretion .
As expected , in fusion of NPY alone ( 18 microg / day ) augmented food intake ( 191 . 6 % over the initial control , P < 0 . 05 ) and produced a 25 . 1 % weight gain in conjunction with a 10 - fold increase in serum leptin concentrations at the end of the 7 - day period
Ten protein kinases have been assayed for their ability to phosphorylate in vitro the recombinant bovine PrP ( 25 - 242 ) ( rbPrP )
These results disclose the potential of the PrP to modulate the activity of CK2 , a pleiotropic protein kinase that is particularly abundant in the brain
Moreover , A ( beta ) ( 1 - 40 ) significantly decreased the basal activity of the PIP2 - PLC in SPM and the enzyme activity regulated through cholinergic receptors
Fresh - water - soluble A beta 25 - 35 activated PI - PLC in SPM markedly by two - to threefold , but this effect was absent in the presence of 2 mM CaCl2
Neural site of leptin influence on neuropeptide Y signaling pathways altering feeding and uncoupling protein
The two groups were similar in their morning thyroxin , triiodothyronine , TSH , estradiol , cortisol , gastrin , cholecystokinin , somatostatin , oxytocin , insulin and IGF - 1 levels
PKC was necessary in AVP - but not in LPA - induced activation of p70 S6K
The results demonstrate that potent antioxidants , such as flavonoids , protect MM - LDL from lipoperoxidation and preserve their ability to efficiently deliver cholesterol to cells
I . v . leptin infusion also favored the expression of UCPs in brown adipose tissue , either by increasing their expression or preventing the fall occurring during the pair - feeding regimen .
For each Exp , 100 mg endometrium was incubated , in duplicate , for 2 h with 10 microCi [ 3H ] inositol and treated with 0 or 100 nM oxytocin ( OT ) for 20 min , then [ 3H ] inositol mono - , bis - , and trisphosphates ( IP1 , IP2 , and IP3 , respectively ) were quantified
The aim of the present study was to investigate how oxytocin given subcutaneously ( SC ) and intracerebroventricularly ( ICV ) influences the secretion of insulin , glucagon and glucose and to investigate whether the effect on these variables of suckling in lactating rats is mediated by oxytocinergic mechanisms
We have recently shown that AVP causes a protein kinase C ( PKC ) - dependent increase in ACTH release and biosynthesis in ovine anterior pituitary cells
In previous experiments , we have shown that following i . c . v . application of oxytocin , plasma levels of insulin are increased through a cholinergic mechanism
The protein kinase C ( PKC ) inhibitors : staurosporine , H7 and GF109203X are able to block the AVP - stimulated phosphorylation
The oxytocin antagonist 1 - deamino - 2 - D - Tyr - ( OEt ) - 4 - Thr - 8 - Orn - oxytocin administered ICV increased insulin levels itself and therefore the effect on oxytocin - induced insulin secretion was difficult to evaluate
The SGR and RGR also had different endocrine profiles with , for example , twice as high oxytocin ( p < 0 . 01 ) and insulin levels ( p < 0 . 01 ) in RGR compared to the SGR
Thus , Abeta 25 - 35 exerts a similar effect on the membrane - bound PI - PLC from normoxic brain or subjected to ischemia reperfusion injury
Amyloid beta peptide 25 - 35 modulates hydrolysis of phosphoinositides by membrane phospholipase ( s ) C of adult brain cortex
In support of this hypothesis , endometrial IP3 levels were increased ( P < 0 . 05 ) within 0 . 5 min after treatment with 0 . 1 microM OT
However , AVP - induced activation of RSK2 , a downstream substrate of ERK1 and ERK2 , was PKC - dependent and PI 3 - kinase - independent
Downregulation of uncoupling protein 2 mRNA in white adipose tissue and uncoupling protein 3 mRNA in skeletal muscle during the early stages of leptin treatment
In contrast , the oxytocin response to insulin - induced hypoglycemia was significantly reduced by melatonin treatment
Amyloid beta protein ( 25 - 35 ) stimulation of phospholipases A , C and D activities of LA - N - 2 cells
Uncoupling protein - 3 is a mediator of thermogenesis regulated by thyroid hormone , beta3 - adrenergic agonists , and leptin
Co - injection of SHU9119 also inhibited completely the leptin - induced increase in UCP - 1 mRNA expression in the BAT
To establish the cell type expressing leptin , we also assessed the size and organization of lipid droplets , the ultrastructural features of mitochondria , and the presence or absence of uncoupling protein , a brown fat - specific marker
We conclude that UCP - 2 has uncoupling function when overexpressed in leptin - insensitive islets and that its overexpression corrects the underexpression of the insulin gene and ameliorates glucose - stimulated insulin secretion , possibly by increasing the ATP : ADP ratio
In summary , classical brown adipocytes differ from white adipocytes , not only by their morphology and UCP expression , but also by their apparent lack of detectable leptin expression
Secreted form of beta - amyloid precursor protein activates protein kinase C and phospholipase Cgamma1 in cultured embryonic rat neocortical cells
In addition , both insulin and CCK levels were decreased in response to the oxytocin treatment when measured 3 and 10 days after the last injection ( ANOVA ; insulin p < 0 . 01 , CCK p < 0 . 05 )
These results support the hypothesis that the heart may be a target organ for AVP and that AVP modulates IL - 1beta - induced iNOS expression in myocytes through the V1a receptor , which is mediated at least partially via activation of protein kinase C
Although X - Pro aminopeptidase ( EC 3 . 4 . 11 . 9 ) is GPI - anchored in 3T3 - L1 adipocytes as shown by digestion with bacterial phosphatidylinositol - specific phospholipase C , it was not released upon insulin treatment of the cells , indicating that only a subset of the GPI - anchored proteins are susceptible to insulin - stimulated release
Furthermore , immunocytochemical studies showed the A beta - induced neuronal MAC expression on the SH - SY5Y cells after CD59 was removed by PIPLC or blocked by anti - CD59 antibody
Oxytocin - treated male rats had increased circulating levels of cholecystokinin , a tendency to increased plasma levels of insulin ( p = 0 . 066 ) , and relatively more adipose tissue in the thigh and interscapular region , compared with controls
Homogeneous liposome immunoassay for insulin using phospholipase C from Clostridium perfringens
The PKC inhibitors Ro - 31 - 8220 ( 1 microM ) and calphostin C ( 250 nM ) completely blocked the stimulation of Ca2 + spiking by either PMA or AVP
A barley gene encoding a novel DNA - binding protein ( HRT ) was identified by southwestern screening with baits containing a gibberellin phytohormone response element from an alpha - amylase promoter
However , the AVP - dependent stimulation required activation of protein kinase C ( PKC ) , whereas the inhibition was PKC independent , indicating that the NGF - induced signaling pathways leading to inhibition and stimulation of HCO3 - absorption are distinct
Our data demonstrate , that activation of mitogen activated protein ( MAP ) kinase alone is sufficient to promote APP secretion , whereas inhibition of MAP kinase will reduce APP secretion only when phospholipase Cgamma or phosphatidylinositol 3 - kinase are additionally inhibited
OT may rapidly stimulate inositol ( 1 , 4 , 5 ) - trisphosphate ( IP3 ) and diacylglycerol ( DAG ) formation , consistent with the concept of rapid activation of a second - messenger system
Carbachol and oxytocin stimulate the generation of inositol phosphates in the guinea pig myometrium
The addition of leptin to hypothalamic preparations from intact mice also did not alter NPY or CRH secretion
Interestingly , both 5 - HT and leptin modulate the action of NPY , which may form a part of a common output pathway for the expression of appetite
Biphasic insulin secretion can be evoked and time - dependent potentiation can be induced in mouse islets by carbachol , an agonist that activates an isozyme of PLC distinct from that activated by glucose
[ 3H ] Inositol prelabeled LA - N - 2 cells were exposed to varying concentrations of A beta P , from 20 to 125 micrograms / ml , and phospholipase C activation was measured
Induction by leptin of uncoupling protein - 2 and enzymes of fatty acid oxidation
CONCLUSIONS : Our results suggest that the differences is plasma leptin , NPY , and galanin between postmenopausal women and young women may be related to body mass index rather than to differences in hormonal status and that the higher NPY levels in both lean and obese postmenopausal women than in young women indicate that factors other than body mass index may be involved
The further addition of carbachol , an agonist that activates an isozyme of phospholipase C distinct from that activated by glucose , together with K + , 20 mM glucose , plus diazoxide resulted in a sustained amplification of insulin secretion from mouse but not rat islets
These findings led us to conclude that inositol trisphosphate [ corrected ] causes Ca2 + mobilization by muscarinic activation of PLC , leading to intracellular translocation of insulin granules to the ready - releasable pool in pancreatic beta - cells via Ca2 + / calmodulin - dependent phosphorylation of myosin light chains
In brown adipose tissue of lean animals , multilocular uncoupling protein ( UCP ) - positive brown adipocytes had typical brown mitochondria and were leptin - negative , both in fed and fasted conditions
Fasting significantly enhanced gastrocnemius muscle UCP - 3 mRNA ( 411 % of control ) and protein expression ( 168 % of control ) , whereas leptin administration to fasted rats did not alter either of these effects
Stimulation of 5HT - 1D receptors with sumatriptan was unable to change neither AVP nor OT response to insulin - induced hypoglycemia
The protein kinase C specific inhibitor Go - 6983 further enhanced the inhibitory effect of VACM - 1 on AVP - stimulated cAMP production
The beta amyloid protein fragments had diverse effects on phosphoinositide - specific phospholipase C ( PI - PLC ) as assayed in rat cortical membranes
These data ( together with the finding that IL - 1 beta inhibited Ca ( 2 + ) - induced insulin release ) suggest that , in addition to its effects on ATP synthesis and thereby on the KATP channel , IL - 1 beta has at least two undescribed , distal effects to block both PLC as well as Ca ( 2 + ) - induced exocytosis
Furthermore , we demonstrate that tyrosine phosphorylation of phospholipase Cgamma1 and formation of inositol 1 , 4 , 5 - trisphosphate were increased by sAPP695 - stimulation
DNase1 footprints suggest the involvement of at least three types of transcription factors in the regulation of alpha - Amy2 / A by gibberellin
Taken together , these data suggest that the effect of 8 - OH - DPAT on plasma levels of insulin , somatostatin and CCK may be mediated by oxytocin
In the present study , gibbestatin B ( GNB ) was isolated from Streptomyces sp . C - 39 as an inhibitor of the GA - induced expression of alpha - amylase in barley and rice , with IC50 values of 125 and 70 microM , respectively .
Effects of oxytocin , arginine - vasopressin and lysine - vasopressin on insulin and glucagon secretion in sheep
CONCLUSION : PTH , AVP , PGE2 , and adenosine stimulate Ca2 + reabsorption via a pathway that is independent of cAMP and that involves a phorbol ester - insensitive PKC isotype
The highest dose of hCG plus The highest dose of hCG plus oxytocin provoked accumulation of total [ 3H ] inositol phosphate ( p < 0 . 05 ) 53 % over the basal level on days 21 / 1 of the estrous cycle
This indicates that the calcium response to OT application was principally associated with activation of the IP3 - sensitive calcium stores
Plasma insulin , cholecystokinin , galanin , neuropeptide Y and leptin levels in obese women with and without type 2 diabetes mellitus
Constitutive expression of PKABA1 drastically suppressed expression of low - and high - pI alpha - amylase and protease genes induced by GA
Marked increases in FAT / CD36 ( 724 + / - 18 % ; P < 0 . 05 ) , PPAR - gamma2 ( 200 + / - 8 % ; P < 0 . 05 ) , leptin ( 110 + / - 13 % ; P < 0 . 05 ) , UCP - 2 ( 120 + / - 7 % ; P < 0 . 05 ) , UCP - 3 ( 80 + / - 5 % ; P < 0 . 05 ) , and TNF - alpha mRNA ( 130 + / - 12 % ; P < 0 . 05 ) were observed in comparison with pretreatment levels , whereas there was no change after saline infusion
In isolated adipocytes , the loss of almost half the 18S RNA content over a 24 - hour incubation was prevented in the presence of insulin but not oxytocin or epidermal growth factor ( EGF )
A truncated form of bPrP encompassing the C - terminal domain ( residues 105 - 242 ) interacts with CK2 but does not affect its catalytic activity
We examined whether tolbutamide and diazoxide , which close or open ATP - sensitive K ( + ) channels ( K ( ATP ) channels ) , respectively , interact with PLC - linked Ca ( 2 + ) signals in HIT - T15 and mouse beta - cells and with PLC - linked insulin secretion from HIT - T15 cells
Centrally administered leptin has been shown to increase insulin - stimulated glucose utilization and to favor the expression of uncoupling proteins ( UCPs )
Oxytocin - stimulated inositol phosphate turnover in endometrium of ewes is influenced by stage of the estrous cycle , pregnancy , and intrauterine infusion of ovine conceptus secretory proteins
At zeitgeber time zero , mean numbers of AVP - and protein kinase Calpha - immunoreactive neurons were 2194 and 9897 , respectively
In addition , U - 73122 diminished the Oxy - induced increase in intracellular concentration of inositol 1 , 4 , 5 - triphosphate ( IP3 )
The phospholipase C inhibitor U 71322 prevented the activation of phospholipase C by A beta P
Leptin increased LPL mRNA by 80 % , UCP1 mRNA twofold , and UCP3 mRNA levels by 62 % in BAT , and increased UCP2 mRNA levels twofold in EWAT
Interactions between leptin and NPY affecting lipid mobilization in adipose tissue
Relative to the wild type , the GA ( 3 ) - treated aleurone layer of d1 had lower expression of Ramy1A , which encodes alpha - amylase , and OsGAMYB , which encodes a GA - inducible transcriptional factor , and no increase in expression of Ca ( 2 + ) - ATPase
Furthermore , our 14C - acetate - labeling studies showed a 50 % reduction in cholesteryl ester synthesis in the presence of either flavonoid , which could account for the reduction in net apoB secretion caused by incubation with these compounds
These results clearly demonstrate that UCP3 gene expression is upregulated by TZDs in the WAT and BAT in Wistar fatty rats , an obese model with leptin receptor defect , and that adipose UCP3 gene expression is increased in response to TZDs in vitro
In contrast , AVP had no effect on the distribution of any PKC isoform tested
In summary , we demonstrate that insulin treatment results in activation of both PLD1 and PLD2 in appropriate cell types when the appropriate upstream intermediate signalling components , i . e . PKCalpha and PLCgamma , are expressed at sufficient levels .
Insulin - like signaling in yeast : modulation of protein phosphatase 2A , protein kinase A , cAMP - specific phosphodiesterase , and glycosyl - phosphatidylinositol - specific phospholipase C activities
The data provide additional support for the hypothesis that oxytocin and peroxovanadate affect adipose tissue metabolism by mechanisms distinctly different from those involved in insulin action
Both leptin and insulin can reduce hypothalamic NPY production and secretion
We conclude that : ( 1 ) AVP causes a rapid , and reversible , phosphorylation of the MARCKS protein in the ovine anterior pituitary ; ( 2 ) since the AVP - induced increase in MARCKS phosphorylation occurs much earlier in these cells than does PKC trans - location , MARCKS phosphorylation may provide a more sensitive index of the onset of PKC activation than the translocation assay ; ( 3 ) the close temporal association between MARCKS phosphorylation and the rapid early release of ACTH suggests that MARCKS phosphorylation may be involved in the initial intracellular events that underly exocytosis of the hormone .
We observed that primary microglial cultures and the THP - 1 monocytic cell line are stimulated by fibrillar beta - amyloid and prion peptides to activate identical tyrosine kinase - dependent inflammatory signal transduction cascades
To study the effects of enhanced phosphoinositide hydrolysis on insulin secretion , phosphoinositide - specific phospholipase Cbeta1 ( PLCbeta1 ) or PLCdelta1 was overexpressed in insulinoma MIN6 cells via adenoviral vectors .
The bovine ovarian granulosa cell model is a primary culture system where under stimulation by insulin or IGF - I and LH the endogenous oxytocin gene is massively upregulated
A specific enhancement in PLC - mediated insulin secretion is the earliest reported developmental alteration in insulin secretion from islets of ob / ob mice , and thus a logical target for leptin action
Pretreatment for 24 h with 1 microM PMA downregulated expression of PKC - alpha and - delta , but not PKC - epsilon , and prevented the Ca2 + - spiking responses to either 1 nM PMA or 100 pM AVP
To determine the effects of food restriction and leptin administration on several transcripts involved in energy homeostasis , we examined leptin , uncoupling proteins ( UCP ) 1 , 2 and 3 , lipoprotein lipase ( LPL ) , beta3 - adrenergic receptors ( beta3AR ) and hormone - sensitive lipase ( HSL ) mRNA levels in brown adipose tissue ( BAT ) and epididymal ( EWAT ) and perirenal ( PWAT ) white adipose tissue in three groups of rats
Since the MARCKS protein has been implicated in neurosecretion and is phosphorylated by PKC in synaptosomes , studies were carried out to determine whether AVP might cause MARCKS phosphorylation in the ovine anterior pituitary , and to determine whether this phenomenon might be temporally correlated with PKC translocation and the release of ACTH
We also determined whether well known hypothalamic neuropeptide targets , e . g . neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) , proopiomelanocortin ( POMC ) , agouti - related peptide ( AGRP ) and cocaine and amphetamine - regulated transcript ( CART ) were regulated in a pattern consistent with their presumed roles as mediators of leptin action
The induction of alpha - amylase triggered by gibberellic acid in barley embryos is repressed by sugars
It was observed that in hypothyroid rats , ICV leptin was unable to maintain muscle UCP - 3 expression at values measured in ad libitum fed controls
Western blots demonstrated expression of PKCalpha , betaI , epsilon , delta , and zeta in H9c2 cells ; PKC inhibitors ( staurosporine or Ro 31 - 8220 ) or down - regulation of PKCalpha , betaI , epsilon , and delta by long - term ( 24 h ) TPA treatment caused a partial blockade of the AVP - induced response , whereas the A23187 - induced AA release was unaffected by down - regulation of these isoforms
This phospholipase C stimulation by amyloid beta protein appeared to be pertussis toxin sensitive
However , NPY inhibited and leptin stimulated intake if the solution was infused intraorally
MPA markedly inhibited PLC in both conditions ; however , insulin secretion was only inhibited ( by 46 % ) in primed islets
Correlation between the stimulatory effect of oxytocin on the formation of inositol phosphates and the oxytocin receptor level in the pregnant rabbit myometrium
The inability to activate a nutrient - and calcium - regulated phospholipase C isozyme in mouse islets to the same extent as in rat islets appears to account , at least in part , for these different insulin secretory responses under these unique conditions
In the guinea pig myometrium prelabelled with myo - [ 2 - 3H ] inositol , carbachol and oxytocin enhanced a concentration - dependent and rapid release of IP3 which preceded that of IP2 and IP1
We conclude that PKC activation is a necessary step in the signal transduction pathway linking low concentrations of AVP to Ca2 + spiking in A7r5 cells
However , in brown fat , we observed a 2 - 3 - fold increase in the expression of UCP1 in response to dietary fat challenge , which may be related to diet - induced elevations in plasma leptin levels
Hesperidin , the most important flavanone of Citrus sp . , significantly increases HDL and lowers cholesterol , LDL , total lipid and triglyceride plasma levels in normolipidemic rats and in rats with diet - and triton - induced hyperlipidemia
AIM : To study the mechanisms underlying oxytocin ( Oxy ) - induced insulin release
The objectives of this study were to evaluate and compare the actions of endothelin - 1 ( ET - 1 ) , oxytocin , prostaglandin F2 alpha ( PGF2 alpha ) and inositol 1 , 4 , 5 - trisphosphate ( IP3 ) on 45Ca2 + mobilization in permeabilized rat myometrial cells and to examine the activation of the inositol lipid cycle in intact myocytes
These results strongly suggest that the phosphoinositide - Ca2 + signal transduction pathway may play an important role in the gibberellin - induced expression of alpha - amylase molecules closely related to the germination processes of rice seed
These observations suggest that bradykinin , like oxytocin , activates phospholipase C which generates IP3 with a subsequent release of Ca2 + from intracellular stores followed by store - operated Ca2 + influx
GNB suppressed accumulation of GA - induced barley high - pI type B and rice RAmylA alpha - amylase transcripts .
Leptin increased BAT UCP mRNA levels greater than twofold in both ad libitum - fed and food - restricted rats
Roles of GTP and phospholipase C in the potentiation of Ca ( 2 + ) - induced insulin secretion by glucose in rat pancreatic islets
In addition , an OT receptor antagonist inhibited the stimulatory effects of OT on IP3 formation
In the present study we found that at increasing GA concentrations , increasing numbers of barley ( Hordeum vulgare ) cells showed the enhanced amylase secretion and vacuolation characteristic of the GA response
( - ) Nicotine did not blunt the AbetaP activation of phospholipase C
The effects of adrenergic , metabotropic amino acid and bombesin antagonists on the A beta P mediated stimulation of phospholipase C activity was investigated
Although the above data are consistent with a direct ability of leptin to promote TRH biosynthesis through actions on TRH neurons , addition of a - MSH produced a 3 . 5 fold increase in TRH biosynthesis and release , whereas NPY treatment suppressed ~ 3 fold proTRH biosynthesis
Granulosa cells were isolated from bovine preovulatory follicles and cultured for 3 days with or without OT in medium supplemented with either insulin ( 1 microgram / ml ) + 1 % fetal calf serum ( FCS ) , which maintains basal estradiol secretion , or low doses of FSH ( 1 and 2 ng / ml ) + 1 % FCS , a culture condition that maximizes effects of FSH on estradiol secretion
These results confirm that AVP and PMA activate PKC and indicate that IL - 1 likely does not activate PKC in Leydig cells
Relationship among leptin , neuropeptide Y , and galanin in young women and in postmenopausal women [ see comments ]
CONCLUSION : Oxy increases insulin release through both PLC and non - PLC mediated signal transduction mechanisms .
The antilipolytic effects of peroxovanadate and oxytocin were unaffected by 500 nmol / L wortmannin , which blocked the antilipolytic action of insulin
A neurotoxic fragment of amyloid , Abeta 25 - 35 , incubated in the presence of endogenous Ca2 + , increased significantly the PI - PLC activity of normoxic brain
We have studied the effects of neomycin , a potent inhibitor of inositol phospholipid - specific phospholipase C ( PLC ) , on the germination of rice seed and the gibberellin - induced expression of alpha - amylase in the aleurone layer and the scutellar tissues
Thus , highly expressed in human adipocytes , the Y ( 1 ) receptor sustains the strong antilipolytic effect of NPY and exerts a positive action on leptin secretion
Plasma concentrations of FSH , leptin , CCK , GAL , NPY and insulin were determined using commercial RIA kits
RESULTS : OT receptors were not detectable in the myometria of non - pregnant rabbits , and OT had no effect on the formation of inositol phosphates ( IPs )
The low - performing Stock B animals were characterized by [ 1 ] being more reactive to sensory stimulation : higher startle amplitude and shorter startle latency ; [ 2 ] having higher plasma insulin and corticosterone levels , whereas plasma gastrin and oxytocin were significantly lowered and a strong tendency for a decrease also in plasma CCK
These data indicate a GABAergic mediation of the inhibitory modulation by NO of the AVP and OT responses to insulin - induced hypoglycemia
Our results indicate that glucose represses gibberellin signalling late along this hormone transduction pathway , downstream of transcription of the gibberellin - modulated transcriptional activator ( GAMYB ) needed for alpha - amylase induction
U - 73122 at 8 mumol . L - 1 totally abolished the Oxy - induced increases in [ Ca2 + ] i and IP3 ; however it reduced the Oxy - induced increase in insulin release only by 36 % and 63 % in the monolayer and suspended cell preparations , respectively
It was shown that , in the absence of exogenous Ca2 + , neomycin markedly reduced the germination speed and seedling growth of rice seeds and inhibited the gibberellin - induced expression of alpha - amylase in both secretory tissues
When this parental line was treated with PI - PLC , Abeta40 , Abeta42 , and sAPPbeta decreased to levels similar to those observed in the mutant line , and the mutant line was resistant to these effects of PI - PLC
It has been established that amyloid beta peptide ( AbetaP ) activates phospholipase A2 , phospholipase C and phospholipase D of LA - N - 2 cells and other cell types
These data demonstrate a leptin - induced increase in energy expenditure in nonmutant rodents and suggest that one mechanism by which leptin increases energy expenditure is through increased thermogenesis in BAT , including increased expression of UCP
NPY in the PVN increases feeding and decreases uncoupling protein ( UCP ) activity in brown fat , whereas leptin decreases NPY biosynthesis in the Arc , which presumably decreases PVN NPY
Leptin by intravenous or intracerebroventricular infusion for 5 h was associated with a decrease in UCP - 2 mRNA in WAT ( 47 - 52 % ) and UCP - 3 mRNA in SM ( 33 - 37 % )
Subcutaneous injections of oxytocin increased insulin , glucagon and glucose levels significantly
These findings are consistent with increased leptin signaling to the NPY and POMC neurons in the ARC by physiological levels of circulating leptin during normal feeding
The influence of myrigalone B , a flavonoid from the fruit exudate of Myrica gale L . on Cu ( 2 + ) - induced oxidation of low density lipoprotein from cholesterol fed rabbits was investigated
Regulation of insulin secretion via ATP - sensitive K + channel independent mechanisms : role of phospholipase C
To further substantiate an involvement of thyroid hormones in the effect of leptin on muscle UCP - 3 expression , hypothyroid rats were ICV infused with leptin or vehicle
All four agonists caused a biphasic release of 45Ca2 + from non - mitochondrial pool ( s ) , with the rank order of potency : oxytocin > PGF2 alpha > ET - 1 > IP3
Phospholipase C ( PLC ) activity was investigated by stimulation of membrane preparations obtained from insulin ( beta - TC3 ) - , somatostatin ( Rin 1027 - B2 ) - , and glucagon ( INR1 - G9 ) - producing pancreatic cell lines using the non - hydrolyzable GTP analogue GTPgammaS alone , the C - terminal octapeptide cholecystokinin ( CCK - 8 ) , or gastrin
The effect of leptin in adult rats appears to be exerted at hypothalamic level by regulating growth hormone releasing hormone ( GHRH ) , somatostatin and neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) - producing neurones
At equimolar concentrations of leptin and NPY ( 10 ( - 12 ) to 10 ( - 6 ) M ) the observed lipolytic activity is comparable to the basal lipolytic activity , except at a concentration of 10 ( - 9 ) M where upon a significant increase in lipolysis is observed
Activation of EGFR overexpressing 3T3 - L1 adipocytes leads to a 3 . 4 + / - 1 . 2 - fold stimulation of PLC activity over basal levels vs . only 1 . 06 + / - 0 . 01 - fold stimulation by insulin .
The data obtained suggest ( i ) that selective oxytocin receptors are present on the membranes of guinea - pig antral smooth muscle cells , ( ii ) that the oxytocin - related relaxation may result from the activation of Ca ( 2 + ) - sensitive K + conductivity via activation of IP3 - induced release of Ca2 + from the submembrane located cisternae of the sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca2 + stores and ( iii ) in turn , this evokes a non - inactivating component of IK , hyperpolarizing the cell membrane
Cellular preincubation with 200 microg / ml antibodies against the inositolphosphoglycan ( IPG ) moiety of the GPI - anchor ( Ab ( IPG ) ) , or depletion in GPI - anchored proteins by cellular pretreatment with 0 . 5 U / ml PI - PLC , 1 mM insulin and 2 HU / ml streptolysin - O , or depletion in membrane cholesterol content by filipin ( 5 microg / ml ) , digitonin ( 5 microg / ml ) and cholesterol oxidase ( 0 . 5 U / ml ) decreases the HDL3 - signal , suggesting the involvement of a lipolytic cleavage of GPI - anchored proteins
Bovine prion protein as a modulator of protein kinase CK2
This suggests that amyloid beta protein activation of phospholipase C may be receptor mediated
Induction of fatty acid translocase / CD36 , peroxisome proliferator - activated receptor - gamma2 , leptin , uncoupling proteins 2 and 3 , and tumor necrosis factor - alpha gene expression in human subcutaneous fat by lipid infusion
Inositol 1 , 4 , 5 - trisphosphate and oxytocin binding in human myometrium
Many studies have indicated that neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) stimulates and leptin inhibits food intake
Melatonin inhibits oxytocin response to insulin - induced hypoglycemia , but not to angiotensin II in normal men
METHODS : The effects of OT on IP3 formation and OT receptor levels were determined in the myometria of non - pregnant rabbits , Days 26 , 28 and 30 of pregnancy rabbits , postpartum rabbits within 12 hours and steroid - treated ovariectomized rabbits
Within 20 min after exposure to leptin , NPY secretion from hypothalamic preparations obtained from adrenalectomized mice was lowered by 27 % and CRH secretion was elevated by 51 %
The present study indicates that leptin increases the gene expression of UCP2 in EWAT and that of UCP1 , UCP3 and LPL in BAT , whereas reduced food consumption but not leptin , decreases LPL expression in WAT
Insulin - induced phospholipase D1 and phospholipase D2 activity in human embryonic kidney - 293 cells mediated by the phospholipase Cgamma and protein kinase Calpha signalling cascade .
Finally , recent evidences suggest that melanocortins could be involved in mediating the effects of leptin , and in controlling the expression of neuropeptide Y ( NPY )
CONCLUSION : The results reveal that simultaneous stimulation of the expression of certain ucp genes and the leptin gene can be achieved , and suggest that adrenergic regulation of the leptin gene and of genes of the ucp family in adipose tissues is the result of complex interactions between the different beta - AR pathways
Oxytocin induced a biphasic increase in the intracellular Ca2 + concentration of porcine myometrial cells : participation of a pertussis toxin - insensitive G - protein , inositol 1 , 4 , 5 - trisphosphate - sensitive Ca2 + pool , and Ca2 + channels
UCP3 mRNA levels were also regulated by dexamethasone , leptin , and starvation , albeit differently in muscle and brown adipose tissue
Mean numbers of AVP - and protein kinase Calpha - immunoreactive neurons were determined in the suprachiasmatic nucleus of common voles , entrained to a 12 : 12 h light - dark ( LD ) cycle , at the beginning of the light period ( zeitgeber time zero ) and 6 h later ( zeitgeber time six )
Molecular characterization of catalytic - subunit cDNA sequences encoding protein phosphatases 1 and 2A and study of their roles in the gibberellin - dependent Osamy - c expression in rice
The etiology for diabetes mellitus in PWS may be related to the morbid obesity and consequent insulin resistance , because a decrease of oxytocin neurons and leptin resistance in PWS may cause hyperphagia , inducing obesity
The aim of the current investigations was focused on the study of the involvement of leptin and neuropeptide Y in lipid mobilization
Relative UCP expression levels were 100 , 104 , and 33 for UCP1 , 100 , 191 , and 125 for UCP2 and 100 , 107 , and 29 for UCP3 in ad libitum fed control rats , in leptin - treated rats and in pair - fed control rats , respectively
Leptin , compared with vehicle , did not alter BAT UCP - 1 or UCP - 3 mRNA or protein expression when administered to normal ad libitum fed rats
Overexpression of G11alpha and isoforms of phospholipase C in islet beta - cells reveals a lack of correlation between inositol phosphate accumulation and insulin secretion .
Concurrent decrease of vasopressin and protein kinase Calpha immunoreactivity during the light phase in the vole suprachiasmatic nucleus
The expression of alpha - amylase in aleurone layers of barley is known to be induced by gibberellin A3 ( GA ) .
A negative correlation between WAT O2 consumption and UCP2 expression was found in control animals , but not in the cafeteria - fed groups , suggesting a differential response to the beta3 - adrenergic compound in lean and obese animals , which is in agreement with the reported statistical interactions between obesity and Trecadrine administration found for WAT O2 consumption and muscle UCP2 expression , as well as for plasma leptin and WAT leptin expression
Adenovirus - mediated overexpression of PLC - delta1 , - beta1 , or - beta3 in INS - 1 or betaG 40 / 110 cells results in little or no enhancement in inositol phosphate ( IP ) accumulation and no improvement in insulin secretion when the cells are stimulated with glucose or carbachol , despite the fact that the overexpressed proteins are fully active in cell extracts .
In addition , glycosyl - phosphatidylinositol - specific phospholipase C ( GPI - PLC ) , which in isolated rat adipocytes is activated by insulin , was stimulated to up to 5 - fold by glucose and 10 - fold by glucose plus insulin in both yeast spheroplasts and intact cells leading to a concentration - dependent leftward shift of the glucose - response curve for activation of the GPI - PLC
In contrast , nanogram amounts of oxytocin administered ICV cause a rise of insulin levels
It is concluded that the primary action of PGF2 alpha in myometrial cells is to enhance Ca2 + influx , whereas oxytocin and ET - 1 receptors are coupled to phospholipase C , generating IP3 and raising the intracellular concentration of free Ca2 + from intracellular as well as extracellular sources
U - 73122 ( 3 microM ) also abolished the OT - induced IP3 formation
Influence of obesity and menopausal status on serum leptin , cholecystokinin , galanin and neuropeptide Y levels
When taken in their entirety , the experimental evidence suggests that the activation of PLC is an essential component in the physiologic regulation of insulin secretion and that disordered activation of the enzyme culminates in disordered insulin release
Effects of intravenously infused leptin on insulin sensitivity and on the expression of uncoupling proteins in brown adipose tissue
When infused i . c . v . to normal rats to mimic its central effects , leptin decreases NPY levels , thus food intake and body weight
There was a 98 % greater augmentation of insulin secretion by 16 . 7 mM glucose ( in the presence of diazoxide and 40 mM K + ) in primed islets ; however , the ability of high glucose to augment PLC activity bore no relationship to the secretory response
Time - dependent redistribution of PKC - alpha , - delta and - epsilon isoforms between the membrane and cytosolic fractions occurred in response to 100 pM AVP
2 ) IGF - 1 , IGF - 2 , and insulin also induced a Ca2 + mobilization from the endoplasmic reticulum : phospholipase C ( PLC ) inhibitors , neomycin , or U - 73122 partially blocked the intracellular [ Ca2 + ] i increase induced by IGF - 1 and insulin and totally inhibited the effect of IGF - 2
We examined plasma leptin , leptin mRNA , and adipose and muscle UCP subtype mRNA in rats treated with alpha - methyl - p - tyrosine methyl ester ( AMPT - ME ) , which inhibits catecholamine synthesis and 6 - hydroxydopamine ( 6HDA ) , which is toxic to catecholinergic nerve terminals but , unlike AMPT - ME , does not enter the central nervous system
The regulation of alpha - Amy2 genes by GA therefore involves an interplay of at least three different types of transcription factor
This additionally supports the inhibitory effect of A ( beta ) on membrane - bound and cytosolic PLC
Thereafter , the stimulatory effects of OT on IPs formation and the OT receptor levels dramatically increased toward the end of pregnancy and reduced rapidly after parturition
Similarly , central leptin treatment also had a greater effect in suppressing hypothalamic NPY mRNA expression in young ( - 23 + / - 4 % ) than in old ( - 8 + / - 4 % ) rats compared with their age - matched pair - fed treated rats
Co - expression of PLD1 with phospholipase C ( PLC ) gamma has the same effect , while co - expression of PLD2 with PLCgamma allows PLD2 activity to be stimulated in an insulin - dependent manner .
Arcuate nucleus NPY mRNA increased in rats given protein - free diet , correlating with leptin rather than decreased feeding
Immunohistochemical localization of leptin and uncoupling protein in white and brown adipose tissue
AVP induced a biphasic increase in diacylglycerol generation , characterized by an initial rapid rise and then a sustained elevation , and PKC activation , reflected by phosphorylation of a specific 80 kDa myristoylated alanine - rich PKC substrate ( MARCKS )
Phorbol myristate acetate ( TPA ) , an activator of PKC , elicited an increase of MAPK activity , but did not further influence the level of AVP4 - 8 - enhanced MAPK activity ; Nevertheless , the extent of CaMKII activation was attenuated by TPA
Experimental studies provided evidences that leptin , cholecystokinin ( CCK ) , galanin ( GAL ) , neuropeptide Y ( NPY ) and insulin are involved in feeding behaviour
The activity of the MAPKs , induced by AVP or PMA was inhibited by downregulation of protein kinase C ( PKC ) , by the tyrosine kinase inhibitor genistein and by MAPK kinase ( MEK ) inhibitor , PD98059
These data indicate that an adequate level of GTP is critical for glucose ' s potentiation of Ca ( 2 + ) - induced insulin secretion in primed islets but that PLC activation can clearly be dissociated from insulin secretion and therefore cannot be the major cause of glucose ' s augmentation of Ca ( 2 + ) - induced insulin secretion
These results suggest that , in isolated white adipocytes , the released adenosine acts as a helper and / or a positive regulator for insulin in the release of leptin via an activation of adenosine A1 receptors that involves the PLC - PKC pathway .
When rat islet are cultured for short periods , the content and activation of PLC in response to glucose decreases and this biochemical defect in signal transduction is paralleled by significant reductions in glucose - induced insulin secretion
The activity of catalase was found to be significantly enhanced in the tissues of normal and cholesterol fed rats administered 1 mg flavonoid from brinjal / 100 g BW / day
Insulin secretion is regulated by changes in blood glucose , as well as by peptides from the gastrointestinal tract and neurotransmitters that activate the pancreatic islet adenylyl cyclase ( e . g . , glucagon - like peptide - 1 ) and phospholipase C ( PLC ) ( e . g . , acetylcholine ) signaling pathways to further potentiate glucose - induced insulin secretion
Insulin stimulates the release of the glycosyl phosphatidylinositol - anchored membrane dipeptidase from 3T3 - L1 adipocytes through the action of a phospholipase C
The highest production of total inositol phosphates ( d . p . m . ) was found in cells from ovariectomized gilts given in vivo estradiol benzoate and progesterone for five consecutive days and treated with 1000 mU hCG and 100 mU hCG plus 1 microM oxytocin ( 984 + / - 84 and 1063 + / - 131 vs 314 + / - 36 , respectively )
Amyloid beta protein ( 25 - 35 ) stimulation of phospholipase C in LA - N - 2 cells
The present study demonstrates that hCG and oxytocin can increase the accumulation of inositol phosphates in porcine myometrial cells
Activity and expression of the three UCP ' s are stimulated by several neuromediators and hormones such as noradrenaline , tri - iodothyronine and leptin
We have established that the recovery of secreted N1 is increased by the protein kinase C agonists PDBu and PMA in a time - and dose - dependent manner in both cell lines
Possible central nervous system ( CNS ) mechanisms could mediate these responses in that leptin receptors are located on hypothalamic neurons that coexpress neuropeptide - Y ( NPY ) or proopiomelanocortin ( POMC ) and both peptides that have been implicated as mediators of the CNS action of leptin .
Vasopressin - induced activation of protein kinase C in renal epithelial cells
In contrast , phosphorylation of SMC1 by ATR is independent of Rad17 and replication protein A , suggesting that the signaling pathway leading to SMC1 phosphorylation is distinct from that mediated by the checkpoint proteins
The interaction with p120 ( ctn ) is likely to be direct , as the interaction occurs in K562 cells lacking functional adherens junctions and E - cadherin expression
Cloning and characterization of two evolutionarily conserved subunits ( TFIIIC102 and TFIIIC63 ) of human TFIIIC and their involvement in functional interactions with TFIIIB and RNA polymerase III
Suppression of rat thromboxane synthase gene transcription by peroxisome proliferator - activated receptor gamma in macrophages via an interaction with NRF2
A role for Plk1 phosphorylation of NudC in cytokinesis
In contrast to IkappaBbeta , Bcl3 did not interact with the AF2 domain of RXR
Identification of residues in the monocyte chemotactic protein - 1 that contact the MCP - 1 receptor , CCR2
Overexpression of TBP - 1 promotes degradation of Hif1 alpha in a pVHL - dependent manner that requires the ATPase domain of TBP - 1
In solution , FGFR4ed formed complexes with acidic FGF ( FGF - 1 ) and basic FGF ( FGF - 2 ) , both in the presence and absence of heparin
This work suggests that LIS1 is a regulated adapter between CLIP - 170 and cytoplasmic dynein at sites involved in cargo - MT loading , and / or in the control of MT dynamics
We used cDNA probes for the Etfdh , Etfb , and Etfa genes to determine localization of these mouse genes to chromosomes 3 , 7 , and 13
RESULTS : Tyrosine phosphorylation of p85 is upregulated by IL - 6 in both LNCaP and PC - 3
Accordingly , Bcl3 coactivated the 9 - cis - RA - induced transactivations of RXR , in contrast to the inhibitory actions of IkappaBbeta
Mutational analyses of the beta - 2 cytoplasmic domain revealed that the adhesive function of LFA - 1 depends on its interaction with cytohesin - 1 , unless the integrin is activated by exogenous divalent cations
GC - GAP , a Rho family GTPase - activating protein that interacts with signaling adapters Gab1 and Gab2
Subcellular fractionation and antibody - uptake experiments indicate that Syt XIII is indeed a type - I membrane protein , but , unlike other Syt isoforms , lacks an N - terminal extracellular domain
Finally , sialoadhesin bound different glycoforms of CD43 expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells , including unbranched ( core 1 ) and branched ( core 2 ) O : - linked glycans , that are normally found on CD43 in resting and activated T cells , respectively
Here we show that Dnmt3a interacts with multiple components of the sumoylation machinery , namely the E2 sumo conjugating enzyme Ubc9 and the E3 sumo ligases PIAS1 and PIASxalpha , all of which are involved in conjugating the small ubiquitin - like modifier polypeptide , SUMO - 1 , to its target proteins
The sterol - independent regulatory element ( SIRE ) of the LDL receptor ( LDLR ) promoter mediates oncostatin M ( OM ) - induced transcription of the LDLR gene through a cholesterol - independent pathway
Our findings showed that the same C - terminal portion of p300 binds the N - terminal domains of both TR and MEF2A , and our in vivo studies demonstrated that TR , MEF2A and p300 form a ternary complex
The interaction between AR and TR2 was assessed by glutathione - S - transferase ( GST ) pull - down assay and mammalian two - hybrid system assay
Recent evidence has implicated Gadd45a in inhibition of cdc2 / cyclinB1 kinase and in G2 / M cell cycle arrest
The results of complementation experiments show that , in contrast to mouse Imp4 , mouse Imp3 can partially alleviate the growth defect of the corresponding yeast null strain , indicating that the role of Imp3 in pre - rRNA processing is evolutionarily conserved
These results suggest that Plk1 phosphorylation of NudC may influence cytokinesis
Here we provide evidence of how cytohesin - 1 , an integrin - binding protein and guanine - nucleotide exchange factor ( GEF ) for ARF GTPases , regulates cell adhesion
Dnmt3a is modified by SUMO - 1 in vivo and in vitro and the region of Dnmt3a responsible for interaction maps to the N - terminal regulatory domain
BACKGROUND : Both androgen receptor ( AR ) and orphan receptor TR2 ( TR2 ) belong to the steroid nuclear receptor superfamily and are expressed in prostate cancer tissue and cell lines
Immunoprecipitation experiments revealed a physical association of Jak2 with p125FAK via STAT3 in vivo
TBP and TFIIA , however , were not able to interact with IkappaBbeta
DGKdelta ( type II isozyme ) contains a pleckstrin homology domain at the N terminus and a sterile alpha motif domain at the C terminus
We establish that pVHL binds to Tat - binding protein - 1 ( TBP - 1 ) , a component of the 19S regulatory complex of the proteasome
Specific glutamines or lysines of involucrin were used to cross - link the different proteins , such as glutamines 495 and 496 to desmoplakin , glutamine 288 to keratins , and lysines 468 , 485 , and 508 and glutamines 465 and 489 for interchain involucrin cross - links
In the present investigation , the differential binding of previously characterized endothelial cell ( EC ) - and smooth muscle cell ( SMC ) - derived PGs to A beta was examined to determine whether the accumulation of A beta in cerebrovascular amyloid deposits may be due to its interactions with perlecan
Immobilized FGFR4 also bound FGF - 8 besides FGF - 1 and FGF - 2
Cutting edge : CD43 functions as a T cell counterreceptor for the macrophage adhesion receptor sialoadhesin ( Siglec - 1 )
Here we demonstrate colocalization and direct interaction between CLIP - 170 and LIS1
These results suggest that pituitary GH modulates neutrophil adhesion through tyrosine phosphorylation of Jak2 , p125FAK , and paxillin and actin polymerization
Thus , cytohesin - 1 is involved in the activation of LFA - 1 , most probably through direct interaction with the integrin , and induces cell spreading by its ARF - GEF activity
Megalin and cubilin are two structurally different endocytic receptors that interact to serve such functions
Regulation of neutrophil adhesion by pituitary growth hormone accompanies tyrosine phosphorylation of Jak2 , p125FAK , and paxillin
To identify the regions of MCP - 1 that contact its receptor , CCR2 , we substituted all surface - exposed residues with alanine
Catalytic domains of the tyrosine phosphatases PTP - PEST , CD45 , and PTPbeta did not interact with proteins of the catenin family to detectable levels , suggesting that the interaction of DEP1 with these proteins is specific
We tested this point by cotransfecting CHO cells with the genes encoding F beta alpha and the CG beta subunit or the CG beta alpha and FSH beta monomer
Herein , we show that a distinct IkappaB protein Bcl3 also interacts with RXR , as shown in the yeast two - hybrid tests and glutathione S - transferase pull - down assays
Characterization of EC and SMC PGs bound to A beta ( 1 - 28 ) revealed strong binding by perlecan , weak binding by decorin and biglycan , two dermatan sulfate proteoglycans , and lack of binding by versican / PG - M , a large chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan
AP180 binds to the C - terminal SH2 domain of phospholipase C - gamma1 and inhibits its enzymatic activity
Blockade of TBP - 1 expression by small interfering RNA ( siRNA ) causes prolonged degradation kinetics of Hif1 alpha
CD43 expressed in COS cells supported increased binding to immobilized sialoadhesin
Overall , the results indicate that specific vascular cell - derived PGs differentially interact with A beta , and that the interactions of highest affinity occur between A beta and binding sites on both the core protein and glycosaminoglycan chains of perlecan
In addition , coexpression of SRC - 1 but not p300 further stimulated the Bcl3 - mediated enhancement of the 9 - cis - RA - induced transactivations of RXR
Deletion analysis showed that the element responsible for the PPARgamma effect is located in a region containing the nuclear factor E2 ( NF - E2 ) / AP - 1 site ( - 98 / - 88 ) , which was indicated to be the major promoter of the TXS gene
p300 / cAMP - response - element - binding - protein ( ' CREB ' ) - binding protein ( CBP ) modulates co - operation between myocyte enhancer factor 2A ( MEF2A ) and thyroid hormone receptor - retinoid X receptor
A prominent isolate , designated SRcyp / CASP10 , specifically interacts with the CTD not only in vivo but also in vitro
This is relevant for the case of LH and FSH , because both are synthesized in the same cell ( i . e . , pituitary gonadotrophs ) and several of the alpha subunit sequences required for association with either the LH beta or FSH beta subunits are different
We report here that PLZF , and a structurally similar transcriptional repressor , BCL - 6 , can interact with a variety of corepressor proteins in addition to SMRT , including the mSin3A protein and ( for PLZF ) histone deacetylase - 1
SRcyp is a nuclear protein with a characteristic distribution in large irregularly shaped nuclear speckles and co - localizes perfectly with the SR domain - containing splicing factor SC35
The protein was named GC - GAP for its ability to interact with GAB proteins and its activity toward Rac and Cdc42
Pretreatment of AA amyloidotic splenic and liver tissue sections with synthetic A beta ( 1 - 28 ) produced strong immunoreactivity with A beta antibodies at tissue sites enriched in perlecan which was partially removed by pretreatment with heparitinase , but not by chondroitin ABC lyase
These results suggest that tyrosyl - phosphorylated CD22 may be a substrate for PTP - 1C regulates tyrosyl phosphorylation of CD22
Transient expression of CD22 and a null mutant of PTP - 1C ( PTP - 1CM ) in COS cells resulted in an increase in tyrosyl phosphorylation of CD22 and its interaction with PTP - 1CM
TBP - 1 associates with the beta - domain of pVHL and complexes with pVHL and Hif1 alpha in vivo
Complexes of either CD22 / PTP - 1C / Syk / PLC - gamma ( 1 ) could be isolated from B cells stimulated by BCR engagement or a mixture of hydrogen peroxidase and sodium orthovanadate , respectively
These results identify CD43 as a T cell counterreceptor for sialoadhesin and suggest that in addition to its anti - adhesive role CD43 may promote cell - cell interactions
We show here that Cdc25 phosphatase associates with raf1 in somatic mammalian cells and in meiotic frog oocytes
Specific interaction of Egr1 and c / EBPbeta leads to the transcriptional activation of the human low density lipoprotein receptor gene
Three SR - rich proteins were identified that interact with the C - terminus of Pnn : SRp75 and SRm300 , known components of spliceosome machinery , and a novel 130 - kDa nuclear protein , SRrp130
However , cytokines , in particular IL - 2 and IL - 4 , potentiated the DNA synthesis induced by cross - linking of CD53
To clarify the mechanisms by which GPI - 80 functions on leukocytes , we explored the possibility of its physical association with beta 2 integrin which is important for leukocyte adherence , locomotion , and extravasation
By contrast , CD22 was not tyrosyl phosphorylated or associated with PTP - 1CM in the presence of wild - type PTP - 1C
This work led to identification of a novel GTPase - activating protein ( GAP ) for Rho family GTPases
We have cloned cDNAs encoding the human and mouse homologs of the yeast U3 snoRNP - associated proteins Imp3 and Imp4
[ 35S ] - Sulfate labeled proteoglycans ( PGs ) derived from cultured ECs and SMCs bound to affinity columns containing A beta ( 1 - 28 ) or ( 1 - 40 ) , with virtually no binding to A beta ( 40 - 1 ) ( reverse peptide ) , beta - amyloid precursor protein ( 410 - 429 ) , or bovine serum albumin
TFIID dimers formed through self - association of the TATA - binding polypeptide ( TBP ) subunit and could be immunoprecipitated with antibodies to TAF ( II ) 250 , the core subunit of TFIID
beta 2 integrin , detected by anti - CD18 mAb , was coprecipitated with GPI - 80 from human neutrophil lysates by a mAb to GPI - 80
The formation of a functional single chain / subunit complex was not restricted to the FSH single chain / CG beta subunit since CG single chain interacts with the monomeric FSH beta subunit and exhibits FSH activity
Yet , whether Gadd45b and / or Gadd45g function as inhibitors of cdc2 / cyclinB1 kinase and / or play a role in G2 / M cell cycle arrest has not been fully established
Overexpression of CLIP - 170 results in a zinc finger - dependent localization of a phospho - LIS1 isoform and dynactin to MT bundles , raising the possibility that CLIP - 170 and LIS1 regulate dynein / dynactin binding to MTs
Gab1 and Gab2 are scaffolding proteins acting downstream of cell surface receptors and interact with a variety of cytoplasmic signaling proteins such as Grb2 , Shp - 2 , phosphatidylinositol 3 - kinase , Shc , and Crk
It was previously shown that the N - terminus of CCR2 is critical for binding MCP - 1
Previous studies have demonstrated the immunolocalization of perlecan , a specific heparan sulfate proteoglycan , to the beta - amyloid protein ( A beta ) - containing amyloid deposits within the walls of blood vessels ( i . e . , congophilic angiopathy ) in Alzheimer ' s disease ( AD ) brain
Differential binding of vascular cell - derived proteoglycans ( perlecan , biglycan , decorin , and versican ) to the beta - amyloid protein of Alzheimer ' s disease
In addition , GPI - 80 was immunoprecipitated from human neutrophil lysates by anti - human CD18 mAb
The results of density gradient centrifugation experiments show that , in contrast to hU3 - 55K , the human Imp3 and Imp4 proteins predominantly interact with the U3 snoRNA in 60 - 80S ribonucleoprotein complexes
Gadd45a ( Gadd45 ) , Gadd45b ( MyD118 ) , and Gadd45g ( CR6 ) constitute a family of evolutionarily conserved , small , acidic , nuclear proteins , which have been implicated in terminal differentiation , growth suppression , and apoptosis
In addition , electron microscopy experiments revealed that CB1 and OX1R are closely apposed at the plasma membrane level ; they are close enough to form hetero - oligomers
The human apoB mRNA editing protein is a cytidine deaminase showing structural homology to some known mammalian and bacteriophage deoxycytidylate deaminases
We found that phosphorylation of Chk1 by ATR also requires checkpoint proteins Rad17 and replication protein A
DEP1 also interacted with other members of the catenin gene family including beta - catenin and gamma - catenin
Previously , we showed that the CG beta or FSH beta subunit genes can be genetically fused to the alpha gene to produce biologically active single chains , CG beta alpha and F beta alpha , respectively
IL - 6 promotes coprecipitation of p85 with gp130 , the signal - transducing component of the IL - 6 receptor
The 130 - and 240 - kDa sialoadhesin - binding glycoproteins were identified as the sialomucins CD43 and P - selectin glycoprotein ligand 1 ( CD162 ) , respectively
Cross - linking of CD53 with the use of the mAb MEM - 53 and a polyclonal sheep anti - mouse Ig promoted activation of resting B cells into the G1 phase of the cell cycle as judged by increased expression of the early activation Ag CD69 , increases in cellular volume , RNA synthesis , and c - myc protein levels , and enhanced binding of 7 - aminoactinomycin D
In contrast , LFA - 1 - mediated cell adhesion and spreading on intercellular cell adhesion molecule 1 is strongly inhibited by a cytohesin - 1 mutant , which fails to catalyze ARF GDP - GTP exchange in vitro
These results clearly show that GPI - 80 is physically associated with beta 2 integrin in human neutrophils
We propose that Gab1 and Gab2 in cooperation with other adapter molecules might regulate the cellular localization of GC - GAP under specific stimuli , acting to regulate precisely Rac and Cdc42 activities
By constructing deletion mutants , we identified that amino acid residues 229 - 309 of Akt were involved in the binding to Hsp90 and amino acid residues 327 - 340 of Hsp90beta were involved in the binding to Akt
Here , we cloned and characterized a mouse orthologue of human KIAA1427 protein as an atypical Syt ( named Syt XIII )
p300 / cAMP - response - element - binding - protein ( ' CREB ' ) - binding protein ( CBP ) interacting with transcription factors is able to increase their activity on target gene promoters
In addition , GC - GAP contains several classic proline - rich motifs , and it interacts with the first SH3 domain of Crk and full - length Nck in vitro
The tyrosine kinase Tyk - 2 is physically associated with the Type I interferon ( IFN ) receptor complex and is rapidly activated during IFN alpha stimulation
Pinin / DRS / memA interacts with SRp75 , SRm300 and SRrp130 in corneal epithelial cells
In addition , both MSH2 and Rad17 are required for the activation of the S - phase checkpoint to suppress DNA synthesis in response to MNNG , and phosphorylation of SMC1 is required for cellular survival
Inhibition of Cdk1 / cyclinB1 kinase activity by Gadd45b and Gadd45a was found to involve disruption of the complex , whereas Gadd45g did not disrupt the complex
CD22 associates with protein tyrosine phosphatase 1C , Syk , and phospholipase C - gamma ( 1 ) upon B cell activation
Data also has been obtained that Gadd45b and Gadd45g , as well as GADD45a , interact with both Cdk1 and cyclinB1 , resulting in inhibition of the kinase activity of the Cdk1 / cyclinB1 complex
In contrast to OX1R , the potency of direct activation of CB1 was not affected by co - expression with OX1R
The receptor binding site of MCP - 1 also is significantly different from the binding sites of RANTES and IL - 8 , providing insight into the issue of receptor specificity
Megalin and cubilin : multifunctional endocytic receptors
Assignment of Etfdh , Etfb , and Etfa to chromosomes 3 , 7 , and 13 : the mouse homologs of genes responsible for glutaric acidemia type II in human
Interleukin - 6 activates phosphatidylinositol - 3 kinase , which inhibits apoptosis in human prostate cancer cell lines
These results suggest that the relative abundance of the two splice variants of E2 - 2 in brain could be an important determinant for the expression of FGF - 1
Several distinct mutations in exon 2 of VHL disrupt binding of pVHL to TBP - 1
Secondly , cytohesin - 1 induces expression of an extracellular activation epitope of LFA - 1 , and the exchange factor function is not essential for this activity
In this report , we demonstrate the stable association of PLCgamma1 with AP180 in a clathrin - coated vesicle complex , which not only binds to the carboxyl - terminal SH2 domain of PLCgamma1 , but also inhibits its enzymatic activity in a dose - dependent manner
The GAP domain shows high similarity to the recently cloned CdGAP and displays activity toward RhoA , Rac1 , and Cdc42 in vitro
The human Imp3 and Imp4 proteins form a ternary complex with hMpp10 , which only interacts with the U3 snoRNA in 60 - 80S ribonucleoprotein complexes
In the present study , we observed evidence of cross - talk between the cannabinoid receptor CB1 and the orexin 1 receptor ( OX1R ) using a heterologous system
Direct interaction between the cytoplasmic tail of ADAM 12 and the Src homology 3 domain of p85alpha activates phosphatidylinositol 3 - kinase in C2C12 cells
The transmembrane receptor protein tyrosine phosphatase DEP1 interacts with p120 ( ctn )
Expression of GC - GAP in 293T cells led to a reduction in active Rac1 and Cdc42 levels but not RhoA
Bcl3 specifically interacted with the general transcription factors TFIIB , TBP , and TFIIA but not with TFIIEalpha in the GST pull - down assays
Here , we characterize the interaction between Plk1 and NudC , show that Plk1 phosphorylates NudC at conserved S274 and S326 residues in vitro , and present evidence that NudC is also a substrate for Plk1 in vivo
Functionally , sumoylation of Dnmt3a disrupts its ability to interact with histone deacetylases ( HDAC1 / 2 ) , but not with another interaction partner , Dnmt3b
The association of PTP - 1C with CD22 was mediated by the NH2 - terminal Src homology 2 ( SH2 ) domain of PTP - 1C
Preincubation with genistein , a tyrosine kinase inhibitor , blocked the GH - stimulated adhesion and Jak2 , STAT3 , p125FAK , and paxillin phosphorylation
Pituitary GH triggered the tyrosine phosphorylation of Janus kinase 2 ( Jak2 ) and STAT3 in neutrophils
This suggests that transmembrane ADAM 12 , by providing docking sites for the Src homology 3 domain of p85alpha , activates PI 3 - kinase by mediating its recruitment to the membrane
By electrophoretic mobility shift assay using the NF - E2 / AP - 1 site and nuclear extracts from macrophages , we observed a specific protein - DNA complex formation , which was inhibited by a specific antibody against the transcription factor NRF2 ( NF - E2 - related factor 2 )
Finally , a direct interaction between PPARgamma and NRF2 was confirmed by glutathione S - transferase pull - down assay
We report that MSH2 ( MutS homolog 2 ) protein interacts with the ATR ( ATM - and Rad3 - related ) kinase to form a signaling module and regulate the phosphorylation of Chk1 and SMC1 ( structure maintenance of chromosome 1 )
Transient expression of the full - length E2 - 2 without RSRS in U1240MG glioblastoma cells resulted in repression of FGF - 1 . B promoter activity
In this work , we show that Gadd45b and Gadd45g specifically interact with the Cdk1 / CyclinB1 complex , but not with other Cdk / Cyclin complexes , in vitro and in vivo
Downregulation of NudC by RNA interference results in multiple mitotic defects , including multinucleation and cells arrested at the midbody stage , which are rescued by ectopic expression of wild - type NudC , but not by NudC with mutations in the Plk1 phosphorylation sites
TR2 orphan receptor functions as negative modulator for androgen receptor in prostate cancer cells PC - 3
The fact that the apoB mRNA editing protein also exists as a homodimer has important implications for the mechanism of apoB mRNA editing in humans
Subsequent amino acid sequencing revealed many peptides involving involucrin cross - linked either to itself or to a variety of other known CE protein components , including cystatin alpha , desmoplakin , elafin , keratins , members of the small proline - rich superfamily , loricrin , and unknown proteins related to the desmoplakin family
Modification of de novo DNA methyltransferase 3a ( Dnmt3a ) by SUMO - 1 modulates its interaction with histone deacetylases ( HDACs ) and its capacity to repress transcription
The protein pVHL functions in a multi - subunit E3 ubiquitin ligase that targets the hypoxia - inducible transcription factor Hif1 alpha for proteasomal degradation during normoxia
A pVHL mutant containing a P154L substitution coimmunoprecipitates with Hif1 alpha , but not TBP - 1 , and does not promote degradation of Hif1 alpha
Thus , the ability of pVHL to degrade Hif1 alpha depends in part on its interaction with TBP - 1 and suggests a new mechanism for Hif1 alpha stabilization in some pVHL - deficient tumors
Raf1 interaction with Cdc25 phosphatase ties mitogenic signal transduction to cell cycle activation
The receptor - like protein tyrosine phosphatase DEP1 , also known as CD148 , is expressed predominantly in epithelial cells , in a variety of tumor cell lines , and in lymphocytes
Cytohesin - 1 regulates beta - 2 integrin - mediated adhesion through both ARF - GEF function and interaction with LFA - 1
Physical association of beta 2 integrin with GPI - 80 , a novel glycosylphosphatidylinositol - anchored protein with potential for regulating adhesion and migration
GADD45b and GADD45g are cdc2 / cyclinB1 kinase inhibitors with a role in S and G2 / M cell cycle checkpoints induced by genotoxic stress
The results indicate that PhoP ~ P is sufficient to repress the transcription of the tagA and tagD promoters and also to activate the transcription of the tuaA promoter .
The ald promoter , like the sigE promoter , is believed to be recognized by sigmaA RNA polymerase , suggesting that sigmaK may inhibit sigmaA activity late in sporulation .
Primer extension experiments and Northern blot analysis show that an active sigmaA - dependent promoter precedes kdgR and transcription is terminated at the putative p - independent terminator downstream of kdgT .
A low level of GerE activated transcription of cotD by sigmaK RNA polymerase in vitro , but a higher level of GerE repressed cotD transcription .
Most cot genes , and the gerE gene , are transcribed by sigmaK RNA polymerase .
sigma X also contributes to the expression of CsbB , a putative membrane - bound glucosyl transferase that is partially controlled by the sigma B stress response sigma factor .
Our results indicate that the level of KatX level in outgrowing spores depends mainly on EsigmaF , because sigB mutants show normal KatX activity in dormant and outgrowing spores .
The sigma W regulon includes a penicillin binding protein ( PBP4 * ) and a co - transcribed amino acid racemase ( RacX ) , homologues of signal peptide peptidase ( YteI ) , flotillin ( YuaG ) , ABC transporters ( YknXYZ ) , non - haem bromoperoxidase ( YdjP ) , epoxide hydrolase ( YfhM ) and three small peptides with structural similarities to bacteriocin precursor polypeptides .
Evidence based on the use of modified and mutant forms of the phosphatase protein indicates that SpoIIE blocks the capacity of unphosphorylated SpoIIAA to activate sigmaF until formation of the polar septum is completed .
Three new sigmaB - dependent genes ( ydaE , ydaG and yfkM ) encoding proteins with still unknown functions were also described .
During endospore formation in Bacillus subtilis , the DNA binding protein GerE stimulates transcription from several promoters that are used by RNA polymerase containing sigmaK
The expression of rsfA is under the control of both sigma ( F ) and sigma ( G ) .
However , the mutant was unable to stimulate transcription by final sigma ( A ) - RNA polymerase from the Spo0A - dependent spoIIG operon promoter .
Transcription of ydhD was dependent on SigE , and the mRNA was detectable from 2 h after the cessation of logarithmic growth ( T2 of sporulation ) .
Although spo0H is transcriptionally regulated by the key regulatory device that controls sporulation initiation , the Spo0 phosphorelay , there is considerable evidence implicating a mechanism of post - translational control that governs the activity and concentration of sigmaH .
Here , we show that GerE binds near the sigK transcriptional start site , to act as a repressor .
Transcriptional studies demonstrated that the expression from the araE promoter is induced by L - arabinose , repressed by glucose , and negatively regulated by AraR .
This indicates that the yvyD gene product , being a member of both the sigmaB and sigmaH regulons , might negatively regulate the activity of the sigmaL regulon .
Therefore , the physiological role of sigmaB - dependent katX expression remains obscure .
From these results we conclude that ComK negatively regulates degR expression by preventing sigmaD - driven transcription of degR , possibly through interaction with the control region .
The sigmaB - dependent promoter drives expression of yvyD under stress conditions and after glucose starvation , whereas a sigmaH - dependent promoter is responsible for yvyD transcription following amino acid limitation .
In addition to the typical sigmaB - dependent , stress - and starvation - inducible pattern , yvyD is also induced in response to amino acid depletion .
Furthermore , YtxH and YvyD seemed to be induced after phosphate starvation in the wild type in a sigma ( B ) - dependent manner and in the sigB mutant probably via sigma ( H ) .
Both SigK and GerE were essential for ykvP expression , and this gene was transcribed from T5 of sporulation .
ykuD was transcribed by SigK RNA polymerase from T4 of sporulation .
A low concentration of GerE activated cotB transcription by final sigma ( K ) RNA polymerase , whereas a higher concentration was needed to activate transcription of cotX or cotC .
These results demonstrate that sigmaK - dependent transcription of gerE initiates a negative feedback loop in which GerE acts as a repressor to limit production of sigmaK .
This stress - induced increase in ykzA expression is absolutely dependent on the alternative sigma factor sigmaB , which controls a large stationary - phase and stress regulon .
In vivo studies of the activity of four of the kinases , KinA , KinC , KinD ( ykvD ) and KinE ( ykrQ ) , using abrB transcription as an indicator of Spo0A ~ P level , revealed that KinC and KinD were responsible for Spo0A ~ P production during the exponential phase of growth in the absence of KinA and KinB .
A sigmaW - dependent promoter ( PW ) precedes sigW , demonstrating that this transcription factor is positively autoregulated .
The SpoIIE phosphatase indirectly activates sigmaF by dephosphorylating a protein ( SpoIIAA - P ) in the pathway that controls the activity of the transcription factor .
sigmaF is controlled by a regulatory cascade involving an anti - sigma factor , SpoIIAB , an anti - anti - sigma factor , SpoIIAA , and a membrane - bound phosphatase , SpoIIE , which converts the inactive , phosphorylated form of SpoIIAA back to the active form .
Secondly , SpoIIE is essential for the activation of the first compartment - specific transcription factor sigma ( F ) in the prespore .
The expression of the bkd operon was induced by the presence of isoleucine or valine in the growth medium and depended upon the presence of the sigma factor SigL , a member of the sigma 54 family .
In the mother cell compartment of sporulating cells , expression of the sigE gene , encoding the earlier - acting sigma factor , sigmaE , is negatively regulated by the later - acting sigma factor , sigmaK .
Finally , we show that proper localization of SpoIVA required the expression of one or more genes which , like spoIVA , are under the control of the mother cell transcription factor sigmaE .
In addition to controlling transcription of phrC , sigmaH appears to control expression of at least one other gene required for production of CSF .
Unlike the case for other sigma ( 54 ) - dependent genes , rocG has no UAS ; instead , its expression depends on a sequence located 1 . 5 kilobases downstream of the rocG promoter , beyond the end of the rocG coding region .
The Bacillus subtilis clpC operon is regulated by two stress induction pathways relying on either sigmaB or a class III stress induction mechanism acting at a sigmaA - like promoter .
The addition of ClpX to in vitro transcription reactions resulted in the stimulation of RNAP holoenzyme activity , but sigmaH - RNAP was observed to be more sensitive to ClpX - dependent stimulation than sigmaA - RNAP .
Our data demonstrate that the CtsR protein acts as a global repressor of the clpC operon , as well as other class III heat shock genes , by preventing unstressed transcription from either the sigmaB - or sigmaA - dependent promoter and might be inactivated or dissociate under inducing stress conditions .
Analysis of the expression of a translational ywhE - lacZ fusion showed that ywhE expression is sporulation - specific , and is controlled predominantly by the forespore - specific sigma factor sigma ( F ) , and to a lesser extent by sigma ( G ) .
SpoIIID at low concentration repressed cotC transcription , whereas a higher concentration only partially repressed cotX transcription and had little effect on cotB transcription .
Dephosphorylation of SpoIIAA - P by SpoIIE is strictly dependent on the presence of the bivalent metal ions Mn2 + or Mg2 + .
ComK negatively controls the transcription of hag by stimulating the transcription of comF - flgM , thereby increasing the production of the FlgM antisigma factor that inhibits sigmaD activity .
Previously , it was shown that the GerE protein inhibits transcription in vitro of the sigK gene encoding sigmaK .
Transcriptional studies showed that nadE is strongly induced in response to heat , ethanol and salt stress or after starvation for glucose in a sigma B - dependent manner .
Production of sigmaK about 1 h earlier than normal does affect Spo0A , which when phosphorylated is an activator of sigE transcription .
In contrast , sspJ is transcribed in the forespore compartment by RNA polymerase with the forespore - specific sigmaG and appears to give a monocistronic transcript .
In vitro transcription experiments suggest that the differential pattern of cot gene expression results from the combined action of GerE and another transcription factor , SpoIIID .
Localization of SpoIIE was shown to be dependent on the essential cell division protein FtsZ .
We demonstrated that katX is also a sigmaB - dependent general stress gene , since it is strongly induced by heat , salt and ethanol stress , as well as by energy depletion .
GerE binds to a site on one of these promoters , cotX , that overlaps its - 35 region .
In this mutant , expression of the spoIIG gene , whose transcription depends on both sigma ( A ) and the phosphorylated Spo0A protein , Spo0A ~ P , a major transcription factor during early stages of sporulation , was greatly reduced at 43 degrees C .
Cell specificity is first established in the forespore under the control of the sigma F factor , which is itself activated through the action of the SpoIIE serine phosphatase , an enzyme targeted to the septum between the two cells .
Northern blot and primer extension analyses indicated that yfhS is transcribed by E sigma E during sporulation .
DNase I footprinting showed that SpoIIID binds strongly to two sites in the cotC promoter region , binds weakly to one site in the cotX promoter , and does not bind specifically to cotB .
We show that GerE binds to two sites that span the - 35 region of the cotD promoter .
These results suggest that a rising level of GerE in sporulating cells may first activate cotD transcription from the upstream site then repress transcription as the downstream site becomes occupied .
( i ) The finding that the bmrUR operon is under sigmaB control indicates that the elimination of multidrug compounds might be a new function in multiple stress resistance .
Expression of the sigma ( K ) - dependent cwlH gene depended on gerE .
Therefore , ftsY is solely expressed during sporulation from a sigma ( K ) - and GerE - controlled promoter that is located immediately upstream of ftsY inside the smc gene .
The rocG gene of Bacillus subtilis , encoding a catabolic glutamate dehydrogenase , is transcribed by SigL - containing RNA polymerase and requires for its expression RocR , a member of the NtrC / NifA family of proteins that bind to enhancer - like elements , called upstream activating sequences ( UAS ) .
We overproduced and purified sigma ( X ) from Escherichia coli and demonstrate that in vitro , both sigma ( A ) and sigma ( X ) holoenzymes recognize promoter elements within the sigX - ypuN control region .
The class includes AsiA form bacteriophage T4 , which inhibits Escherichia coli sigma 70 ; FlgM , present in both gram - positive and gram - negative bacteria , which inhibits the flagella sigma factor sigma 28 ; SpoIIAB , which inhibits the sporulation - specific sigma factor , sigma F and sigma G , of Bacillus subtilis ; RbsW of B . subtilis , which inhibits stress response sigma factor sigma B ; and DnaK , a general regulator of the heat shock response , which in bacteria inhibits the heat shock sigma factor sigma 32 .
In that respect sigB is similar to the previously described gene gsiB which is also a member of the sigmaB regulon .
sspG transcription also requires the DNA binding protein GerE .
Taken together , the results support the idea that sequestration of SpoIIE protein into the prespore plays an important role in the control of sigmaF activation and in coupling this activation to septation .
Transcription of the cotB , cotC , and cotX genes by final sigma ( K ) RNA polymerase is activated by a small , DNA - binding protein called GerE .
The first stage , which involves the phosphatase function of SpoIIE , depends on the cell division protein FtsZ and could correspond to the FtsZ - dependent assembly of SpoIIE into E - rings .
The - 10 and - 35 sequences of the sigmaB - and sigmaF - dependent promoters of katX overlap , and the transcriptional start points used by EsigmaB and EsigmaF differ by only one nucleotide .
The ydaP gene might belong to the increasing number of sigmaB - dependent genes whose orthologues are under the control of sigmas in Escherichia coli , indicating that both regulons may fulfil similar functions .
We have shown previously that the transcription of degR is driven by an alternative sigma factor , sigmaD .
The sspH and sspL genes are recognized primarily by the forespore - specific sigma factor for RNA polymerase , sigmaG ; the sspN - tlp operon is recognized equally well by sigmaG and the other forespore - specific sigma factor , sigmaF .
Cell - specific activation of transcription factor sigmaF during sporulation in Bacillus subtilis requires the formation of the polar septum and the activity of a serine phosphatase ( SpoIIE ) located in the septum .
In the shaA mutant , sigma ( H ) - dependent expression of spo0A and spoVG at an early stage of sporulation was sensitive to external NaCl .
These results suggest that YfhP may act as a negative regulator for the transcription of yfhQ , yfhR , sspE and yfhP .
